cloud-infrastructure/ai-infra-gpu/AI Infrastructure/README.md, before:

# GPU Compute Instances
 
This repository contains detailed information related to Oracle Cloud Infrastructure GPU compute instances.
 
Reviewed: 26.02.20224
 
# Table of Contents
 
1. [Team Publications](#team-publications)
2. [Useful Links](#useful-links)
 
# Team Publications
 
## Blog Posts
 
- [Oracle and UbiOps make your AI workloads land on OCI with NVIDIA GPUs](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/ubiops-ai-workloads-on-oci)
    - Deploy UbiOps on Oracle Cloud using Oracle Kubernetes Engines (OKE) and GPU instances
- [A Deep Fake Example on Oracle Cloud Infrastructure](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/a-deepfake-example-on-oracle-cloud-infrastructure)
    - Running Faceswap on Oracle Cloud
 - [Video surveillance and analytics software performance on OCI](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/video-surveillance-analytics-performance-oci)
    - Run video surveillance and analytics software on OCI
- [Powering protein large language models in antibody discovery on OCI](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/powering-protein-llms-antibody-discovery-oci)
    - Powering protein large language models in antibody discovery on OCI
 - [Customer sentiment analysis using VM.GPU.A10](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/oci-ai-language-nonenglish-language-use-case)
    - This experiment involved deploying a VM.GPU.A10 instance to run Python code, translating approximately 1,100 hotel reviews from Hebrew to English using AlephBERT and Google Translate
 - [Pioneering de novo antibody design with OCI, supporting Silica Corpora’s AI mission for unmatched precision and efficacy](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/de-novo-antibody-design-oci-silica-corpora)
    - About the collaboration between Silica Corpora and Oracle Cloud Infrastructure in leveraging generative AI and robust cloud capabilities to revolutionize de novo antibody design for enhanced precision and efficacy in drug development
- [Accelerating telco innovation by leveraging power of GPUs on Oracle Cloud Infrastructure for enhanced customer experiences and operational efficiency](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/telco-innovation-gpus-oci-operational-efficiency)
    - The use case involves deploying distinct AI models, including JAIS for Arabic, and utilizing various ML libraries like PyTorch, with each model requiring different BM shapes, such as BM.GPU.H100.8, to process the expected throughput of requests efficiently.
- [ETIQMEDIA certifies their automated video transcription and indexation solution on OCI](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/etiqmedia-video-transcription-indexation-oci)
    - ETIQMEDIA, in collaboration with Telefonica, has just certified their automated video transcription and indexation solution on Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI)

## LiveLabs

- [Running Faceswap on OCI](https://apexapps.oracle.com/pls/apex/r/dbpm/livelabs/view-workshop?wid=798&session=4731494759204)
    - How to run Faceswap on Oracle Cloud GPU instance
- [How to run Faceswap on Oracle Cloud GPU instance](https://apexapps.oracle.com/pls/apex/r/dbpm/livelabs/view-workshop?wid=798&session=4731494759204)
    - How to run Faceswap on Oracle Cloud GPU instance

## Webinar

- [Transform your Organization with Oracle Artificial Intelligence](https://videohub.oracle.com/media/Transform+your+Organization+with+Oracle+Artificial+Intelligence/1_8rhx6ua9)
    - Transform your Organization with Oracle Artificial Intelligence

## Cloud Coaching Events

- [Running AI on NVIDIA A10 GPUs in Oracle Cloud](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=auvNHWoblIA)
    - How to run AI on NVIDIA A10 GPUs in Oracle Cloud
 
 ## Re-useable Assets

- [Navigating the AI Revolution: Opportunities and Challenges - German - efcom Symposium 2023](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r_ZG2sUzhqo)
    - For all German speakers interested in hearing high-level about the foundations of GPU, what AI is (and how it is connected to Machine Learning, Data Science, LLM, GenAI), and how Oracle is approaching it.

# Useful Links
 
- [NVIDIA H100 GPUs on Oracle Cloud](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/general-availability-oci-compute-nvidia-h100)
    - Announcing general availability for OCI Compute bare metal instances powered by NVIDIA H100 GPUs
- [NVIDIA L40S GPUs on Oracle Cloud](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/announcing-oci-compute-nvidia-l40s-gpus)
    - Announcing OCI Compute with NVIDIA L40S GPUs   
- [Superclusters with RDMA](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/superclusters-rdma-high-performance)
    - Deep dive explanation about Oracle Cloud-specific network for GPU workload at scale      

 
# License
 
Copyright (c) 2024 Oracle and/or its affiliates.
 
Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.
 
See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/main/LICENSE) for more details.

Commit message:

Update README.md with new assets
adding tutorial for NVIDIA NIM

cloud-infrastructure/ai-infra-gpu/AI Infrastructure/README.md, after:

# GPU Compute Instances
 
This repository contains detailed information related to Oracle Cloud Infrastructure GPU compute instances.
 
Reviewed: 26.02.20224
 
# Table of Contents
 
1. [Team Publications](#team-publications)
2. [Useful Links](#useful-links)
 
# Team Publications
 
## Blog Posts
 
- [Oracle and UbiOps make your AI workloads land on OCI with NVIDIA GPUs](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/ubiops-ai-workloads-on-oci)
    - Deploy UbiOps on Oracle Cloud using Oracle Kubernetes Engines (OKE) and GPU instances
- [A Deep Fake Example on Oracle Cloud Infrastructure](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/a-deepfake-example-on-oracle-cloud-infrastructure)
    - Running Faceswap on Oracle Cloud
 - [Video surveillance and analytics software performance on OCI](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/video-surveillance-analytics-performance-oci)
    - Run video surveillance and analytics software on OCI
- [Powering protein large language models in antibody discovery on OCI](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/powering-protein-llms-antibody-discovery-oci)
    - Powering protein large language models in antibody discovery on OCI
 - [Customer sentiment analysis using VM.GPU.A10](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/oci-ai-language-nonenglish-language-use-case)
    - This experiment involved deploying a VM.GPU.A10 instance to run Python code, translating approximately 1,100 hotel reviews from Hebrew to English using AlephBERT and Google Translate
 - [Pioneering de novo antibody design with OCI, supporting Silica Corpora’s AI mission for unmatched precision and efficacy](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/de-novo-antibody-design-oci-silica-corpora)
    - About the collaboration between Silica Corpora and Oracle Cloud Infrastructure in leveraging generative AI and robust cloud capabilities to revolutionize de novo antibody design for enhanced precision and efficacy in drug development
- [Accelerating telco innovation by leveraging power of GPUs on Oracle Cloud Infrastructure for enhanced customer experiences and operational efficiency](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/telco-innovation-gpus-oci-operational-efficiency)
    - The use case involves deploying distinct AI models, including JAIS for Arabic, and utilizing various ML libraries like PyTorch, with each model requiring different BM shapes, such as BM.GPU.H100.8, to process the expected throughput of requests efficiently.
- [ETIQMEDIA certifies their automated video transcription and indexation solution on OCI](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/etiqmedia-video-transcription-indexation-oci)
    - ETIQMEDIA, in collaboration with Telefonica, has just certified their automated video transcription and indexation solution on Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI)

## Tutorials

- [Deploying NVIDIA NIM on OKE with model repository stored on Object Storage](https://docs.oracle.com/en/learn/deploy-nvidia-nim-on-oke/)
    - Step by step tutorial to run inference at scale using NVIDIA NIM. 
## LiveLabs

- [Running Faceswap on OCI](https://apexapps.oracle.com/pls/apex/r/dbpm/livelabs/view-workshop?wid=798&session=4731494759204)
    - How to run Faceswap on Oracle Cloud GPU instance
- [How to run Faceswap on Oracle Cloud GPU instance](https://apexapps.oracle.com/pls/apex/r/dbpm/livelabs/view-workshop?wid=798&session=4731494759204)
    - How to run Faceswap on Oracle Cloud GPU instance

## Webinar

- [Transform your Organization with Oracle Artificial Intelligence](https://videohub.oracle.com/media/Transform+your+Organization+with+Oracle+Artificial+Intelligence/1_8rhx6ua9)
    - Transform your Organization with Oracle Artificial Intelligence

## Cloud Coaching Events

- [Running AI on NVIDIA A10 GPUs in Oracle Cloud](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=auvNHWoblIA)
    - How to run AI on NVIDIA A10 GPUs in Oracle Cloud
 
 ## Re-useable Assets

- [Navigating the AI Revolution: Opportunities and Challenges - German - efcom Symposium 2023](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r_ZG2sUzhqo)
    - For all German speakers interested in hearing high-level about the foundations of GPU, what AI is (and how it is connected to Machine Learning, Data Science, LLM, GenAI), and how Oracle is approaching it.

# Useful Links
 
- [NVIDIA H100 GPUs on Oracle Cloud](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/general-availability-oci-compute-nvidia-h100)
    - Announcing general availability for OCI Compute bare metal instances powered by NVIDIA H100 GPUs
- [NVIDIA L40S GPUs on Oracle Cloud](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/announcing-oci-compute-nvidia-l40s-gpus)
    - Announcing OCI Compute with NVIDIA L40S GPUs   
- [Superclusters with RDMA](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/superclusters-rdma-high-performance)
    - Deep dive explanation about Oracle Cloud-specific network for GPU workload at scale      

 
# License
 
Copyright (c) 2024 Oracle and/or its affiliates.
 
Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.
 
See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/main/LICENSE) for more details.
