app-dev/app-integration-and-automation/oci-api-management/README.md, before:

# OCI API Management

Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) provides a comprehensive set of services to manage the lifecycle of APIs.

Developers can prototype APIs easily using the integrated **Code Editor** to create API descriptions in OpenAPI format which is supported by OCI API Gateway. Code Editor comes with Git integration and built-in integration with OCI services.

**OCI API Management** is a fully Oracle-managed, regional service that is used to provide a policy enforcement layer for HTTP traffic. The API Gateway service enables you to publish protected APIs for HTTP/s services such as Serverless Functions, services running on Oracle Kubernetes Engine, Oracle Integration, ORDS, and other services on Oracle Cloud Infrastructure and beyond.

API managers can create Usage Plans within API Gateway and define API access tiers. API teams can monitor the traffic and analytics of their APIs based on the usage plan and subscriptions. This enables customers to analyze usage patterns as well as unlock new revenue streams by monetizing APIs.

## Useful Links

- [OCI API Management Oracle.com Page](https://www.oracle.com/cloud/cloud-native/api-management/)
- [OCI API Management Documentation](https://docs.oracle.com/iaas/Content/APIGateway/home.htm)
- [Price List](https://www.oracle.com/cloud/price-list/#api)
- [Quick Start Guide](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/Content/APIGateway/Tasks/apigatewayquickstartsetupcreatedeploy.htm)
- YouTube Videos
  - [API Gateway Overview by Product Management](https://youtu.be/10U6kTh_0Lc)
  - [Hands on lab - how to create an API Gateway](https://youtu.be/hES55nIQH0Y)
- [Blogs](https://blogs.oracle.com/author/robert-wunderlich) by PM Robert Wunderlich
- [Terraform examples](https://github.com/oracle/terraform-provider-oci/tree/master/examples/api_gateway)
- Oracle Functions Samples – API Gateway Authorizer Functions
  - https://github.com/oracle-samples/oracle-functions-samples → See section Functions and API Gateway
  - https://github.com/oracle-samples/sample.fusion-ords-identityprop
- [Oracle Architecture Center](https://docs.oracle.com/solutions/?q=&cType=reference-architectures&product=API%20Gateway&sort=date-desc&lang=en) - Reference Architectures with API Gateway

## Reusable Assets Overview

Relevant reusable assets can be found in subfolders.

# License

Copyright (c) 2023 Oracle and/or its affiliates.

Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.

See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/folder-structure/LICENSE) for more details.

Commit message:

added reusable assets for authorizer functions.

app-dev/app-integration-and-automation/oci-api-management/README.md, after:

# OCI API Management

Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) provides a comprehensive set of services to manage the lifecycle of APIs.

**Oracle API Gateway** is a highly available virtual network appliance that can receive API calls at scale and route them to back-end services, such as Serverless Functions, services running on Oracle Kubernetes Engine, Oracle Integration, ORDS and more.

Developers can choose from a wide range of tools to create API descriptions in OpenAPI format which is supported by OCI API Gateway.

API Gateway provides policy enforcement such as limit the number of requests sent to back-end services, enable CORS, provide authentication and authorization, add mTLS support, modify incoming requests and outgoing responses, cache responses to improve performance and reduce load on back-end services.

API managers can create Usage Plans within API Gateway and define API access tiers. API teams can monitor the traffic and analytics of their APIs based on the usage plan and subscriptions. This enables customers to analyze usage patterns as well as unlock new revenue streams by monetizing APIs.

## Useful Links

- [Quick Start Guide](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/Content/APIGateway/Tasks/apigatewayquickstartsetupcreatedeploy.htm)
- YouTube Videos
  - [API Gateway Overview by Product Management](https://youtu.be/10U6kTh_0Lc)
  - [Hands on lab - how to create an API Gateway](https://youtu.be/hES55nIQH0Y)
- [Articles](https://blogs.oracle.com/author/robert-wunderlich) by Product Management
- [Terraform examples](https://github.com/oracle/terraform-provider-oci/tree/master/examples/api_gateway)
- Oracle Functions Samples – API Gateway Authorizer Functions
  - https://github.com/oracle-samples/oracle-functions-samples → See section Functions and API Gateway
  - https://github.com/oracle-samples/sample.fusion-ords-identityprop
- [Oracle Architecture Center](https://docs.oracle.com/solutions/?q=&cType=reference-architectures&product=API%20Gateway&sort=date-desc&lang=en)
  - Reference Architectures with API Gateway

### General Product Links

- [API Management Product Page](https://www.oracle.com/cloud/cloud-native/api-management/)
- [API Gateway Documentation](https://docs.oracle.com/iaas/Content/APIGateway/home.htm)

## Reusable Assets Overview

Reusable assets can be found in subfolders:
- [fn-authorizer-apigw-oic](fn-authorizer-apigw-oic)
  - Example authorizer function for API Gateway with OIC backend. 
- [fn-authorizer-apigw-ords](fn-authorizer-apigw-ords)
  - Example authorizer function for API Gateway with ORDS backend.

# License

Copyright (c) 2023 Oracle and/or its affiliates.

Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.

See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/folder-structure/LICENSE) for more details.
