cloud-infrastructure/compute-including-hpc/compute-software/README.md, before:

# Compute Software

This page contains information and useful links regarding Compute services that are mostly related to OS and Licenses Management on top of OCI Compute. You can also find resources about BYOI, BYOH and Autoscaling.

<i>Review date: 04 March 2024</i>

# Table of Contents

1. [Team Publications](#team-publications)
2. [Useful Links](#useful-links)

# Team Publications

- [How to Deploy Self-Managed Nodes on OKE](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OroPnRN7arE)
- [Cloud Coaching - Optimising performance - Deploying Red Hat Workloads on Oracle Cloud Infrastructure](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_18PgW4NN40)
- [OCI PowerShell 7 Launch Instance](https://github.com/Olygo/OCI_Pwsh_Launch_Instance)
- [OCI Cloud-Init WinPwd Update](https://github.com/Olygo/CloudInit_WinPwd_Update)
- [OCI Object Storage Refresh Data Replication ](https://github.com/Olygo/OCI-OS_RefreshDataReplication)
- [OCI DR with Reserved Public IPs](https://github.com/Olygo/OCI_DR-Reserved_PIP)
- [OCI Vertical AutoScale](https://github.com/Olygo/OCI-AutoScale)
- [OCI BackupInspector](https://github.com/Olygo/OCI-BackupInspector)
- [OCI Freeform Tagging](https://github.com/Olygo/OCI-TagCompute)
- [OCI List Backups](https://github.com/Olygo/OCI-ShowBackups)
- [OCI Function for Freeform Tagging](https://github.com/Olygo/OCI-FN_TagCompute_FF)
- [OCI Function for Defined Tags](https://github.com/Olygo/OCI-FN_TagCompute_DT)
- [Cluster software on Oracle Linux 9 using Corosync and Pacemaker - create failover IP](https://github.com/mariusscholtz/Oracle-Cloud-Infrastructure-resources/blob/main/cluster/readme.md)
- [Script to install and mount OCI bucket as Filesystem using Fuse S3FS](https://github.com/Olygo/OCI_S3FS)
- [Mount a boot volume from one compute instance (or VM) onto another compute instance in order to replace lost ssh keys](https://gitlab.com/ms76152/system-administration)

# Useful Links

- [Managing Custom Images](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/Content/Compute/Tasks/managingcustomimages.htm)
- [Oracle Blog - OCI OS Management](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/os-management-with-oracle-cloud-infrastructure)
- [Oracle Blog - RHEL runs on OCI supported by Oracle and Red Hat](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/red-hat-enterprise-linux-supported-oci)
- [Oracle Blog - How to Reset a Forgotten Password for a Windows Instance](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/tutorial-how-to-reset-a-forgotten-password-for-a-windows-instance)
- [Migrate to the cloud as is](https://www.oracle.com/cloud/oci-migration-hub/)
- [Microsoft Licensing on OCI](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/Content/Compute/References/microsoftlicensing.htm)
- [Updated Microsoft Licensing Terms for dedicated hosted cloud services](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/licensing/news/updated-licensing-rights-for-dedicated-cloud)
- [Video - Create KVM Guest from Oracle Linux KVM Host for Oracle Cloud Infrastructure](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IiSsC7EqZSE)
- [Video - Using oci-kvm Network and Storage Commands for Oracle Cloud Infrastructure](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IiSsC7EqZSE)
- [Video - Add a disk to an existing KVM VM on Oracle Linux](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B3h_DWOMwrk&t=16s)
- [Video - Using a Network Bridge with KVM VMs on Oracle Linux](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CXBTBxFoSKI&t=120s)
- [Video - Manage OCI instances directly from VirtualBox 7](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uFEN4Di-WDE)
- [Deploy Apache Tomcat on ARM-based Kubernetes cluster in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure](https://apexapps.oracle.com/pls/apex/r/dbpm/livelabs/run-workshop?p210_wid=824&p210_wec=&session=15158640819235)
- [Changing the shape of a compute instance: X5 to X9, or VM.Standard2 series to Flexible instance](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/Content/Compute/Tasks/resizinginstances.htm#Changing_the_Shape_of_an_Instance)
- [Demo - Use autoscaling to adjust compute resources](https://docs.oracle.com/en/learn/configure_auto_scaling/index.html#introduction)

# License

Copyright (c) 2024 Oracle and/or its affiliates.

Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.

See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/main/LICENSE) for more details.

Commit message:

Update README.md - Add page to transfer to and from cloud
https://github.com/mariusscholtz/Oracle-Cloud-Infrastructure-resources#transfer-data-to-and-from-cloud

cloud-infrastructure/compute-including-hpc/compute-software/README.md, after:

# Compute Software

This page contains information and useful links regarding Compute services that are mostly related to OS and Licenses Management on top of OCI Compute. You can also find resources about BYOI, BYOH and Autoscaling.

<i>Review date: 24 May 2024</i>

# Table of Contents

1. [Team Publications](#team-publications)
2. [Useful Links](#useful-links)

# Team Publications

- [How to Deploy Self-Managed Nodes on OKE](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OroPnRN7arE)
- [Cloud Coaching - Optimising performance - Deploying Red Hat Workloads on Oracle Cloud Infrastructure](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_18PgW4NN40)
- [OCI PowerShell 7 Launch Instance](https://github.com/Olygo/OCI_Pwsh_Launch_Instance)
- [OCI Cloud-Init WinPwd Update](https://github.com/Olygo/CloudInit_WinPwd_Update)
- [OCI Object Storage Refresh Data Replication ](https://github.com/Olygo/OCI-OS_RefreshDataReplication)
- [OCI DR with Reserved Public IPs](https://github.com/Olygo/OCI_DR-Reserved_PIP)
- [OCI Vertical AutoScale](https://github.com/Olygo/OCI-AutoScale)
- [OCI BackupInspector](https://github.com/Olygo/OCI-BackupInspector)
- [OCI Freeform Tagging](https://github.com/Olygo/OCI-TagCompute)
- [OCI List Backups](https://github.com/Olygo/OCI-ShowBackups)
- [OCI Function for Freeform Tagging](https://github.com/Olygo/OCI-FN_TagCompute_FF)
- [OCI Function for Defined Tags](https://github.com/Olygo/OCI-FN_TagCompute_DT)
- [Cluster software on Oracle Linux 9 using Corosync and Pacemaker - create failover IP](https://github.com/mariusscholtz/Oracle-Cloud-Infrastructure-resources/blob/main/cluster/readme.md)
- [Script to install and mount OCI bucket as Filesystem using Fuse S3FS](https://github.com/Olygo/OCI_S3FS)
- [Mount a boot volume from one compute instance (or VM) onto another compute instance in order to replace lost ssh keys](https://gitlab.com/ms76152/system-administration)
- [Transfer data to and from Oracle Cloud Infrastructure using OS tools such as sftp, scp, oci cli, curl](https://github.com/mariusscholtz/Oracle-Cloud-Infrastructure-resources/blob/main/VM-shapes/data%20transfer%20to%20OCI%20v1.0.pdf)
  
# Useful Links

- [Managing Custom Images](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/Content/Compute/Tasks/managingcustomimages.htm)
- [Oracle Blog - OCI OS Management](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/os-management-with-oracle-cloud-infrastructure)
- [Oracle Blog - RHEL runs on OCI supported by Oracle and Red Hat](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/red-hat-enterprise-linux-supported-oci)
- [Oracle Blog - How to Reset a Forgotten Password for a Windows Instance](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/tutorial-how-to-reset-a-forgotten-password-for-a-windows-instance)
- [Migrate to the cloud as is](https://www.oracle.com/cloud/oci-migration-hub/)
- [Microsoft Licensing on OCI](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/Content/Compute/References/microsoftlicensing.htm)
- [Updated Microsoft Licensing Terms for dedicated hosted cloud services](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/licensing/news/updated-licensing-rights-for-dedicated-cloud)
- [Video - Create KVM Guest from Oracle Linux KVM Host for Oracle Cloud Infrastructure](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IiSsC7EqZSE)
- [Video - Using oci-kvm Network and Storage Commands for Oracle Cloud Infrastructure](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IiSsC7EqZSE)
- [Video - Add a disk to an existing KVM VM on Oracle Linux](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B3h_DWOMwrk&t=16s)
- [Video - Using a Network Bridge with KVM VMs on Oracle Linux](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CXBTBxFoSKI&t=120s)
- [Video - Manage OCI instances directly from VirtualBox 7](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uFEN4Di-WDE)
- [Deploy Apache Tomcat on ARM-based Kubernetes cluster in Oracle Cloud Infrastructure](https://apexapps.oracle.com/pls/apex/r/dbpm/livelabs/run-workshop?p210_wid=824&p210_wec=&session=15158640819235)
- [Changing the shape of a compute instance: X5 to X9, or VM.Standard2 series to Flexible instance](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/Content/Compute/Tasks/resizinginstances.htm#Changing_the_Shape_of_an_Instance)
- [Demo - Use autoscaling to adjust compute resources](https://docs.oracle.com/en/learn/configure_auto_scaling/index.html#introduction)

# License

Copyright (c) 2024 Oracle and/or its affiliates.

Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.

See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/main/LICENSE) for more details.
