application-development/ai-cloud-services/document-understanding/README.md, before:

# Document Understanding
 
Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) Document Understanding is an AI service that enables developers to extract text, tables, and other key data from document files through APIs and command-line interface tools. With OCI Document Understanding, you can automate tedious business processing tasks with prebuilt AI models and customize document extraction to fit your industry-specific needs.
 
# Table of Contents
 
1. [Team Publications](#team-publications)
2. [Useful Links](#useful-links)

## Team Publications

### Demos

- [Demo: Automate Invoice Handling - Oracle Integration Cloud & AI Document Understanding Service](https://youtu.be/k72CcNhmOjs)
- [Smarter Apps with AI, OIC partner community webcast June 2023](https://videohub.oracle.com/media/Smarter+AI+Apps+with+OIC+partner+community+webcast+June+2023-1080p30/1_m2yjnvf9)
    - OCI Language and Document Understanding are cloud-based AI services for performing sophisticated text analysis and extracting data from all kinds of documents e.g. Passport, Driving License, Invoices, Receipts, etc. You can use these services to build intelligent applications by leveraging REST APIs. You can use these services to build intelligent applications by leveraging REST APIs and automating using Oracle Integration Cloud. This allows you to process unstructured text for use cases such as sentiment analysis, service ticket classification, document extraction, and more using pre-trained models or your own custom models leveraging OCI Data Labelling.

## Useful Links

- [Oracle Learning YouTube Playlist - OCI Document Understanding Service](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLKCk3OyNwIzt1x62El9gGGeNaQr0va58c)
    - Overview and Product Demos by  Product Management
- [GitHub Examples](https://github.com/oracle-samples/oci-data-science-ai-samples/tree/master/labs/ai-document-understanding)
- [LiveLabs - Introduction to OCI Document Understanding](https://apexapps.oracle.com/pls/apex/r/dbpm/livelabs/view-workshop?wid=3585)

### Articles

- [Announcing OCI Document Understanding custom model support (June 14, 2023)](https://blogs.oracle.com/ai-and-datascience/post/oci-document-understanding-custom-model-support)
- [Announcing OCI Document Understanding service (December 8, 2022)](https://blogs.oracle.com/ai-and-datascience/post/announcing-oci-document-understanding-service)

### General Product Links

- [Document Understanding Oracle.com Page](https://www.oracle.com/artificial-intelligence/document-understanding/)
- [Document Understanding Documentation](https://docs.oracle.com/iaas/document-understanding/document-understanding/using/home.htm)

# License
 
Copyright (c) 2023 Oracle and/or its affiliates.
 
Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.
 
See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/folder-structure/LICENSE) for more details.

Commit message:

Added reusable assets for OIC, including demos, archiitecture center and blogs. Also added reference to cloud coaching in AI Document Understanding page.

application-development/ai-cloud-services/document-understanding/README.md, after:

# Document Understanding
 
Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) Document Understanding is an AI service that enables developers to extract text, tables, and other key data from document files through APIs and command-line interface tools. With OCI Document Understanding, you can automate tedious business processing tasks with prebuilt AI models and customize document extraction to fit your industry-specific needs.
 
# Table of Contents
 
1. [Team Publications](#team-publications)
2. [Useful Links](#useful-links)

## Team Publications

### Demos
- [Cloud Coaching - Automating Invoice Handling using OIC and AI Document Understanding Service](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pjdQzFscOrk)
    - In this session, we demonstrate how you can use OCI AI Document Understanding service's pre-trained models to extract key information from invoices and use Oracle Integration Cloud to automate the whole process. It also includes kick-starting process workflows where human intervention is required.
- [Demo: Automate Invoice Handling - Oracle Integration Cloud & AI Document Understanding Service](https://youtu.be/k72CcNhmOjs)
- [Smarter Apps with AI, OIC partner community webcast June 2023](https://videohub.oracle.com/media/Smarter+AI+Apps+with+OIC+partner+community+webcast+June+2023-1080p30/1_m2yjnvf9)
    - OCI Language and Document Understanding are cloud-based AI services for performing sophisticated text analysis and extracting data from all kinds of documents e.g. Passport, Driving License, Invoices, Receipts, etc. You can use these services to build intelligent applications by leveraging REST APIs. You can use these services to build intelligent applications by leveraging REST APIs and automating using Oracle Integration Cloud. This allows you to process unstructured text for use cases such as sentiment analysis, service ticket classification, document extraction, and more using pre-trained models or your own custom models leveraging OCI Data Labelling.

## Useful Links

- [Oracle Learning YouTube Playlist - OCI Document Understanding Service](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLKCk3OyNwIzt1x62El9gGGeNaQr0va58c)
    - Overview and Product Demos by  Product Management
- [GitHub Examples](https://github.com/oracle-samples/oci-data-science-ai-samples/tree/master/labs/ai-document-understanding)
- [LiveLabs - Introduction to OCI Document Understanding](https://apexapps.oracle.com/pls/apex/r/dbpm/livelabs/view-workshop?wid=3585)

### Articles

- [Announcing OCI Document Understanding custom model support (June 14, 2023)](https://blogs.oracle.com/ai-and-datascience/post/oci-document-understanding-custom-model-support)
- [Announcing OCI Document Understanding service (December 8, 2022)](https://blogs.oracle.com/ai-and-datascience/post/announcing-oci-document-understanding-service)

### General Product Links

- [Document Understanding Oracle.com Page](https://www.oracle.com/artificial-intelligence/document-understanding/)
- [Document Understanding Documentation](https://docs.oracle.com/iaas/document-understanding/document-understanding/using/home.htm)

# License
 
Copyright (c) 2023 Oracle and/or its affiliates.
 
Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.
 
See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/folder-structure/LICENSE) for more details.
