cloud-infrastructure/networking/network-visualizer/README.md, before:

# Network Visualizer Assets

The Network Visualizer provides a diagram of the implemented topology of all VCNs in a selected region and tenancy. This tool in the OCI Console can provide two levels of granularity:
- Regional Network Topology: You can see a high-level layout and routing topology of your entire virtual network configuration within a region. This topology includes DRGs, VCNs, CPEs, and various types of gateway.
- Virtual Cloud Network Topology: You can see the organization of a single VCN including its subnets and routing configuration. This topology includes subnets, VLANs, and gateways to other resources.
- Subnet Topology: You can see the resource information about the instances, load balancer, FSS, and OKE clusters in the subnet
- Generate a .pdf with all component details and diagrams


# Table of Contents
 
1. [Useful Links](#useful-links)
2. [Team Publications](#team-publications)

 
## Useful Links

- [OCI Network Visualizer Introduction](https://www.ateam-oracle.com/post/oci-network-visualizer)
- [OCI Network Visualizer  Documentation](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/Content/Network/Concepts/network_visualizer.htm)
 


## Team Publications

### Reference Architectures & Step-by-step Guides



    

### Blogs
 



### Videos & Podcasts



# License

Copyright (c) 2024 Oracle and/or its affiliates.

Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.

See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/main/LICENSE) for more details.

Commit message:

removeing ToC
Adding some extre links for Steps guide, etc

cloud-infrastructure/networking/network-visualizer/README.md, after:

# Network Visualizer Assets

The Network Visualizer provides a diagram of the implemented topology of all VCNs in a selected region and tenancy. This tool in the OCI Console can provide two levels of granularity:
- Regional Network Topology: You can see a high-level layout and routing topology of your entire virtual network configuration within a region. This topology includes DRGs, VCNs, CPEs, and various types of gateway.
- Virtual Cloud Network Topology: You can see the organization of a single VCN including its subnets and routing configuration. This topology includes subnets, VLANs, and gateways to other resources.
- Subnet Topology: You can see the resource information about the instances, load balancer, FSS, and OKE clusters in the subnet
- Generate a .pdf with all component details and diagrams



 
## Useful Links

- [OCI Network Visualizer Introduction](https://www.ateam-oracle.com/post/oci-network-visualizer)
- [OCI Network Visualizer  Documentation](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/Content/Network/Concepts/network_visualizer.htm)
 


### Reference Architectures & Step-by-step Guides


- [Network Visualizer Steps guide](https://www.ateam-oracle.com/post/oci-network-visualizer)
    

### Blogs
 
- [Enhanced visualization and troubleshooting with Network Visualizer 2.0](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/enhanced-visualization-troubleshooting-with-network-visualizer-v2)


### Videos & Podcasts



# License

Copyright (c) 2024 Oracle and/or its affiliates.

Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.

See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/main/LICENSE) for more details.
