data-platform/modernise/oci-database-migration/README.md, before:

# OCI Database Migration - DMS
 
Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Database Migration (DMS) is a fully managed cloud service for migrating Oracle databases to Autonomous Database Shared/Dedicated or OCI co-managed database services like Exadata or Base Database. DMS is powered by the Zero Downtime Migration engine and provides a complete self-service experience for logical offline or online migration using Oracle GoldenGate for minimal downtime. As a source, DMS supports on-premises databases running on Linux, AIX, or Solaris as well as Amazon RDS and co-managed databases in OCI.

Reviewed: 03.11.2023
 
# Table of Contents
 
1. [Team Publications](#team-publications)
2. [Useful Links](#useful-links)
 
# Team Publications
 
- [Oracle Learning - Red Hot Webinar - OCI Database Migration on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oLpah0TlmFE)
    - Red Hot Webinar delivered by Marcus Doeringer capturing an in-depth description of OCI Database Migration - features, functionality, use-cases, and technical demonstration
- [Setup your Oracle Database Migration to OCI in the blink of an eye - Cloud Coaching Webinar](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jEJ30lona7g)
    - Cloud Coaching Webinar, including a technical demonstration, delivered by Amalraj Puthenchira around the use of OCI Database Migration for simplified and effective Database Migrations into OCI
- [Online Database Migration Services (DMS) made simpler, faster](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iVCZYU5ddBA)
    - YouTube video explaining how OCI Database Migration is integrated with OCI GoldenGate for replication during online migrations. More information about this feature of OCI Database Migration is also available [here](https://blogs.oracle.com/dataintegration/post/oci-database-migration-announces-oci-goldengate-integration).
 
# Useful Links

- [OCI Database Migration Documentation](https://docs.oracle.com/en/cloud/paas/database-migration)
- [OCI Database Migration LiveLabs Workshop](https://apexapps.oracle.com/pls/apex/dbpm/r/livelabs/view-workshop?wid=3326)
- [OCI Database Migration Demo Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LBCMudosCYI)
    - Short OCI Database Migration overview demo video
- [Cloud Premigration Advisor Tool (CPAT) in DMS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kYUqh4O1Owo)
    - Short video that shows the integration of the Cloud Premigration Advisor Tool (CPAT) in DMS
- [Step-by-Step guide and tutorial](https://www-sites.oracle.com/a/ocom/docs/oci-database-migration-service-end-to-end-online-migration-tutorial.pdf)
- [Step-by-step guide and tutorial - Agent Based](https://www.oracle.com/a/ocom/docs/oci-database-migration-agent-tutorial.pdf)
    - Aimed for scenarios where the source DB is behind a firewall or there is no direct db connection to OCI
- [OCI Database Migration Product page on oracle.com](https://www.oracle.com/cloud/database-migration)
- [OCI Database Migration GoldenGate Integration](https://blogs.oracle.com/dataintegration/post/oci-database-migration-announces-oci-goldengate-integration)
    - Blog article that shows the GoldenGate integration in DMS
 
# License
 
Copyright (c) 2024 Oracle and/or its affiliates.
 
Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.
 
See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/main/LICENSE) for more details.

Commit message:

Created a blog on OCI DMS To Migrate Database 11g to OCI and added to OCI DMS github page

data-platform/modernise/oci-database-migration/README.md, after:

# OCI Database Migration - DMS
 
Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Database Migration (DMS) is a fully managed cloud service for migrating Oracle databases to Autonomous Database Shared/Dedicated or OCI co-managed database services like Exadata or Base Database. DMS is powered by the Zero Downtime Migration engine and provides a complete self-service experience for logical offline or online migration using Oracle GoldenGate for minimal downtime. As a source, DMS supports on-premises databases running on Linux, AIX, or Solaris as well as Amazon RDS and co-managed databases in OCI.

Reviewed: 03.11.2023
 
# Table of Contents
 
1. [Team Publications](#team-publications)
2. [Useful Links](#useful-links)
 
# Team Publications
 
- [Oracle Learning - Red Hot Webinar - OCI Database Migration on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oLpah0TlmFE)
    - Red Hot Webinar delivered by Marcus Doeringer capturing an in-depth description of OCI Database Migration - features, functionality, use-cases, and technical demonstration
- [Setup your Oracle Database Migration to OCI in the blink of an eye - Cloud Coaching Webinar](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jEJ30lona7g)
    - Cloud Coaching Webinar, including a technical demonstration, delivered by Amalraj Puthenchira around the use of OCI Database Migration for simplified and effective Database Migrations into OCI
- [Online Database Migration Services (DMS) made simpler, faster](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iVCZYU5ddBA)
    - YouTube video explaining how OCI Database Migration is integrated with OCI GoldenGate for replication during online migrations. More information about this feature of OCI Database Migration is also available [here](https://blogs.oracle.com/dataintegration/post/oci-database-migration-announces-oci-goldengate-integration).
 
# Useful Links

- [OCI Database Migration Documentation](https://docs.oracle.com/en/cloud/paas/database-migration)
- [OCI Database Migration LiveLabs Workshop](https://apexapps.oracle.com/pls/apex/dbpm/r/livelabs/view-workshop?wid=3326)
- [OCI Database Migration Demo Video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LBCMudosCYI)
    - Short OCI Database Migration overview demo video
- [Cloud Premigration Advisor Tool (CPAT) in DMS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kYUqh4O1Owo)
    - Short video that shows the integration of the Cloud Premigration Advisor Tool (CPAT) in DMS
- [Step-by-Step guide and tutorial](https://www-sites.oracle.com/a/ocom/docs/oci-database-migration-service-end-to-end-online-migration-tutorial.pdf)
- [Step-by-step guide and tutorial - Agent Based](https://www.oracle.com/a/ocom/docs/oci-database-migration-agent-tutorial.pdf)
    - Aimed for scenarios where the source DB is behind a firewall or there is no direct db connection to OCI
- [OCI Database Migration Product page on oracle.com](https://www.oracle.com/cloud/database-migration)
- [OCI Database Migration GoldenGate Integration](https://blogs.oracle.com/dataintegration/post/oci-database-migration-announces-oci-goldengate-integration)
    - Blog article that shows the GoldenGate integration in DMS
- [A Practical Guide to Oracle Cloud Migration Using OCI DMS](https://blogs.oracle.com/dataintegration/post/migrate-data-from-onprem-oracle-11g-database-to-oci-with-minimal-downtime-using-oci-database-migration-dms)
    - This blog helps you in planning, designing, and implementing the process of migrating your On-premises Oracle Database 11g to OCI Base Database Service (Oracle 19c) using OCI Database Migration Service (DMS).  
# License
 
Copyright (c) 2024 Oracle and/or its affiliates.
 
Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.
 
See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/main/LICENSE) for more details.
