data-platform/modernise/database-upgrade/README.md, before:

# Database Upgrade
 
This page will describe the various upgrade methodologies for both on-premises databases as well as for databases residing in OCI.

Reviewed: 04.04.2024
 
# Table of Contents
 
1. [Team Publications](#team-publications)
2. [Useful Links](#useful-links)
 
# Team Publications
 
- [Upgrade Oracle Database EE from 12.2 to 19.3 using AutoUpgrade tool](https://mihaicosteanu.wordpress.com/2024/03/28/upgrade-oracle-database-ee-from-12-2-to-19-3-using-autoupgrade-tool/)
    - Step-by-step guide by Mihai Costeanu demonstrating the upgrade of a 12.2 Enterprise Edition database to version 19.3 via the AutoUpgrade tool
- [Oracle Base DB OCI console upgrade from 11.2.04 to 19.22](https://mihaicosteanu.wordpress.com/2024/04/04/oracle-base-db-oci-console-upgrade-from-11-2-04-to-19-22/)
    - Step-by-step guide by Mihai Costeanu demonstrating the Oracle Base DB OCI console upgrade from 11.2.04 to 19.22
- [Converting an Oracle Database 19c from noncdb to cdb using OCI console](https://mihaicosteanu.wordpress.com/2024/04/10/converting-an-oracle-database-19c-from-noncdb-to-cdb-using-oci-console/)
    - Step-by-step guide by Mihai Costeanu demonstrating how to convert an Oracle Database 19c from noncdb to cdb using OCI console
- [Upgrade from Oracle Base DB 19c to Base DB 23ai using AutoUpgrade](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eo8nVJ8eC1o)
    - Step-by-step guide by Mihai Costeanu demonstrating how to upgrade from Oracle Base DB 19c to Base DB 23ai using AutoUpgrade

# Useful Links
- [Database Server Upgrade/Downgrade Compatibility Matrix on MOS (Doc ID 551141.1)](https://support.oracle.com/epmos/faces/DocumentDisplay?id=551141.1)
- [LiveLabs: Hitchhiker's Guide for Upgrading to Oracle Database 19c & 23c](https://apexapps.oracle.com/pls/apex/r/dbpm/livelabs/view-workshop?wid=606&clear=RR,180)
- [Mike Dietrich's Personal Platform](https://mikedietrichde.com/)
- [Daniel Overby Hansen's Personal Platform](https://dohdatabase.com/)

# License
 
Copyright (c) 2024 Oracle and/or its affiliates.
 
Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.
 
See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/main/LICENSE) for more details.

Commit message:

Created a blog article on how to Upgrade a 19c ADB to 23ai version

data-platform/modernise/database-upgrade/README.md, after:

# Database Upgrade
 
This page will describe the various upgrade methodologies for both on-premises databases as well as for databases residing in OCI.

Reviewed: 04.04.2024
 
# Table of Contents
 
1. [Team Publications](#team-publications)
2. [Useful Links](#useful-links)
 
# Team Publications
 
- [Upgrade Oracle Database EE from 12.2 to 19.3 using AutoUpgrade tool](https://mihaicosteanu.wordpress.com/2024/03/28/upgrade-oracle-database-ee-from-12-2-to-19-3-using-autoupgrade-tool/)
    - Step-by-step guide by Mihai Costeanu demonstrating the upgrade of a 12.2 Enterprise Edition database to version 19.3 via the AutoUpgrade tool
- [Oracle Base DB OCI console upgrade from 11.2.04 to 19.22](https://mihaicosteanu.wordpress.com/2024/04/04/oracle-base-db-oci-console-upgrade-from-11-2-04-to-19-22/)
    - Step-by-step guide by Mihai Costeanu demonstrating the Oracle Base DB OCI console upgrade from 11.2.04 to 19.22
- [Converting an Oracle Database 19c from noncdb to cdb using OCI console](https://mihaicosteanu.wordpress.com/2024/04/10/converting-an-oracle-database-19c-from-noncdb-to-cdb-using-oci-console/)
    - Step-by-step guide by Mihai Costeanu demonstrating how to convert an Oracle Database 19c from noncdb to cdb using OCI console
- [Upgrade from Oracle Base DB 19c to Base DB 23ai using AutoUpgrade](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eo8nVJ8eC1o)
    - Step-by-step guide by Mihai Costeanu demonstrating how to upgrade from Oracle Base DB 19c to Base DB 23ai using AutoUpgrade
- [Upgrading your 19c Autonomous Database to 23ai using OCI console cloning function](https://wordpress.com/post/mihaicosteanu.wordpress.com/142)
    - Step-by-step guide by Mihai Costeanu demonstrating how to upgrade your 19c Autonomous Database to 23ai using OCI console ADB cloning function

# Useful Links
- [Database Server Upgrade/Downgrade Compatibility Matrix on MOS (Doc ID 551141.1)](https://support.oracle.com/epmos/faces/DocumentDisplay?id=551141.1)
- [LiveLabs: Hitchhiker's Guide for Upgrading to Oracle Database 19c & 23c](https://apexapps.oracle.com/pls/apex/r/dbpm/livelabs/view-workshop?wid=606&clear=RR,180)
- [Mike Dietrich's Personal Platform](https://mikedietrichde.com/)
- [Daniel Overby Hansen's Personal Platform](https://dohdatabase.com/)

# License
 
Copyright (c) 2024 Oracle and/or its affiliates.
 
Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.
 
See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/main/LICENSE) for more details.
