ai-and-app-modernisation/ai-services/generative-ai-service/README.md, before:

# Generative AI service
 
Oracle’s AI strategy is to make artificial intelligence (AI) pervasive across its cloud
applications and cloud infrastructure. We serve business users who want to
improve business processes and outcomes through prebuilt AI capabilities, data
scientists and developers who want complete control to build and deploy AI
models of any kind, and independent software vendors (ISVs) who want the
most performant and cost-effective platform to host their AI services.
 
Reviewed: 30.01.2024
 
# Team Publications

- [Oracle Generative AI webinar](https://go.oracle.com/LP=138234?elqCampaignId=489428&src1=:so:ch:or:dg::::&SC=:so:ch:or:dg::::&pcode=WWMK230822P00010)
    - Deep dive into Oracle Generative AI platform
- [Creating a RAG (Retrieval-Augmented Generation) with Oracle Generative AI Service in just 21 lines of code](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/tree/main/ai-and-app-modernisation/ai-services/generative-ai-service/rag-genai)
- [Summarize any document using Oracle Generative AI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6A3KGyKy91Q)
- [Dubai Citizen's Dream: An Oracle GenAI-Powered Oracle BOT to Answer All Your Questions (RAG on websites)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Y_k1r34Mp0)
- [Document Chatbot with Oracle Generative AI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vyJAZvYKY34) 
- [Build a knowledge search solution by implementing Retrieval Augmented Generation with Generative AI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lJptksR5omo&t=1530s)
- [Gen AI-powered document search (Generative AI with custom UI)](https://youtu.be/vyJAZvYKY34)
- [Enabling a WhatsApp Customer HelpMate using OCI Generative AI, AI-Language & Integration](https://youtu.be/ryo3wVB_69E?si=SxSuTVawoRcbhReU)
    - Use OCI Generative AI (in pre-availability) for "Customer Service Quick Replies" Generation for Whatsapp Neutral Messages (customer questions, queries, etc.), sentence-level sentiment analysis from OCI AI Language to uncover overall sentiment and set service ticket severity for negative Whatsapp messages, automatically classify Customer Service tickets through OCI AI Language custom text classification and aspect-based sentiment analysis (ABSA) services
    - Learn how Oracle Integration Cloud and Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) Streaming allow real-time capture of WhatsApp messages.
    - All this automation using OCI Generative AI and AI Language Services APIs orchestrated by Oracle Integration Cloud (using a no-code integration approach)
- [Deploy 3rd party generative AI models to OCI](https://docs.oracle.com/en/solutions/deploy-generative-ai-to-oci/index.html#GUID-5567B1F2-4733-4D9C-B4BE-5B5429CA8C02)
    - The reference architecture shows generative AI models deployed to an OCI GPU instance for image and text generation.
- [Running 3rd party LLMs on OCI](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/oci-generative-ai)
    - Terraform script to start a stable-diffusion, bloom, and dreambooth in compute instance using an Nvidia GPU in OCI.
- [Generative AI in OCI](https://medium.com/oracledevs/generative-ai-in-oci-c0467e1a68f7)
    - Blog post explaining how to use generative AI models in OCI.
- [Oracle Generative AI Webinar](https://go.oracle.com/LP=138234?elqCampaignId=489428&src1=:so:ch:or:dg::::&SC=:so:ch:or:dg::::&pcode=WWMK230822P00010)
    - Deep dive into Oracle Generative AI platform.

# Useful Links
 
- [The Future of Generative AI: What Enterprises Need to Know](https://blogs.oracle.com/ai-and-datascience/post/future-generative-ai-what-enterprises-need-to-know) 
- [Announcing the general availability of OCI Generative AI](https://blogs.oracle.com/ai-and-datascience/post/ga-oci-generative-ai)
- [Oracle Embeds Generative AI Across the Technology Stack to Enable Enterprise AI Adoption at Scale](https://www.oracle.com/news/announcement/oracle-announces-availability-oci-generative-ai-service-2024-01-23/)
- [Implement Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Generative AI based on Cohere Large Language Model - Blog & Architecture](https://docs.oracle.com/en/solutions/oci-generative-ai-llm/index.html#GUID-76987F35-F646-40CF-9CF2-42724BA57191)
- [Generative AI Chatbot using LLaMA-2, Qdrant, RAG, LangChain & Streamlit](https://blogs.oracle.com/ai-and-datascience/post/ai-chatbot-llama2-qdrant-rag-langchain-streamlit)
- [Oracle and Generative AI](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/Content/Resources/Assets/whitepapers/oracle-and-generative-ai.pdf)
- [Oracle’s generative AI strategy - blog by Greg Pavlik](https://blogs.oracle.com/ai-and-datascience/post/generative-ai-strategy)
- [Oracle to Deliver Powerful and Secure Generative AI Services for Business](https://www.oracle.com/news/announcement/oracle-to-deliver-powerful-and-secure-generative-ai-service-for-business-2023-06-13/)
- [The future of generative AI: What enterprises need to know | Oracle CloudWorld 2023](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qcHpu6WA-k8&t=3s)
- [What is Generative AI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pWNAtUwnBS8&t=3s)
- [Pre-GA OCI Generative AI (Beta) Service Product Tour](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1tnTyCp3GdY)
- [Oracle's Vision for the Future - Larry Ellison keynote Oracle Cloud World 2023](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=63DmgBN1rSI)
- [Generative AI on Oracle.com](https://www.oracle.com/artificial-intelligence/generative-ai/)
- [Generative AI product documentation](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/Content/generative-ai/home.htm)



# License

Copyright (c) 2024 Oracle and/or its affiliates.

Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.

See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/main/LICENSE) for more details.

Commit message:

new reference architecture with OIC and Gen AI

ai-and-app-modernisation/ai-services/generative-ai-service/README.md, after:

# Generative AI service
 
Oracle’s AI strategy is to make artificial intelligence (AI) pervasive across its cloud
applications and cloud infrastructure. We serve business users who want to
improve business processes and outcomes through prebuilt AI capabilities, data
scientists and developers who want complete control to build and deploy AI
models of any kind, and independent software vendors (ISVs) who want the
most performant and cost-effective platform to host their AI services.
 
Reviewed: 30.01.2024
 
# Team Publications

- [Enable a Low Code Modular LLM App Engine using Oracle Integration and OCI Generative AI](https://docs.oracle.com/en/solutions/oci-generative-ai-integration/index.html)
    - This reference architecture lets you understand the necessary considerations and recommendations to enable an AI-based, modular and event-driven  LLM App Engine using a low-code approach with Oracle Integration as the LLM orchestrator, OCI Generative AI and other OCI services
    - Build enterprise-grade, modular, scalable, secure & maintainable LLM Apps
- [Oracle Generative AI webinar](https://go.oracle.com/LP=138234?elqCampaignId=489428&src1=:so:ch:or:dg::::&SC=:so:ch:or:dg::::&pcode=WWMK230822P00010)
    - Deep dive into Oracle Generative AI platform
- [Creating a RAG (Retrieval-Augmented Generation) with Oracle Generative AI Service in just 21 lines of code](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/tree/main/ai-and-app-modernisation/ai-services/generative-ai-service/rag-genai)
- [Summarize any document using Oracle Generative AI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6A3KGyKy91Q)
- [Dubai Citizen's Dream: An Oracle GenAI-Powered Oracle BOT to Answer All Your Questions (RAG on websites)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5Y_k1r34Mp0)
- [Document Chatbot with Oracle Generative AI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vyJAZvYKY34) 
- [Build a knowledge search solution by implementing Retrieval Augmented Generation with Generative AI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lJptksR5omo&t=1530s)
- [Gen AI-powered document search (Generative AI with custom UI)](https://youtu.be/vyJAZvYKY34)
- [Enabling a WhatsApp Customer HelpMate using OCI Generative AI, AI-Language & Integration](https://youtu.be/ryo3wVB_69E?si=SxSuTVawoRcbhReU)
    - Use OCI Generative AI (in pre-availability) for "Customer Service Quick Replies" Generation for Whatsapp Neutral Messages (customer questions, queries, etc.), sentence-level sentiment analysis from OCI AI Language to uncover overall sentiment and set service ticket severity for negative Whatsapp messages, automatically classify Customer Service tickets through OCI AI Language custom text classification and aspect-based sentiment analysis (ABSA) services
    - Learn how Oracle Integration Cloud and Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) Streaming allow real-time capture of WhatsApp messages.
    - All this automation using OCI Generative AI and AI Language Services APIs orchestrated by Oracle Integration Cloud (using a no-code integration approach)
- [Deploy 3rd party generative AI models to OCI](https://docs.oracle.com/en/solutions/deploy-generative-ai-to-oci/index.html#GUID-5567B1F2-4733-4D9C-B4BE-5B5429CA8C02)
    - The reference architecture shows generative AI models deployed to an OCI GPU instance for image and text generation.
- [Running 3rd party LLMs on OCI](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/oci-generative-ai)
    - Terraform script to start a stable-diffusion, bloom, and dreambooth in compute instance using an Nvidia GPU in OCI.
- [Generative AI in OCI](https://medium.com/oracledevs/generative-ai-in-oci-c0467e1a68f7)
    - Blog post explaining how to use generative AI models in OCI.
- [Oracle Generative AI Webinar](https://go.oracle.com/LP=138234?elqCampaignId=489428&src1=:so:ch:or:dg::::&SC=:so:ch:or:dg::::&pcode=WWMK230822P00010)
    - Deep dive into Oracle Generative AI platform.

# Useful Links
 
- [The Future of Generative AI: What Enterprises Need to Know](https://blogs.oracle.com/ai-and-datascience/post/future-generative-ai-what-enterprises-need-to-know) 
- [Announcing the general availability of OCI Generative AI](https://blogs.oracle.com/ai-and-datascience/post/ga-oci-generative-ai)
- [Oracle Embeds Generative AI Across the Technology Stack to Enable Enterprise AI Adoption at Scale](https://www.oracle.com/news/announcement/oracle-announces-availability-oci-generative-ai-service-2024-01-23/)
- [Implement Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Generative AI based on Cohere Large Language Model - Blog & Architecture](https://docs.oracle.com/en/solutions/oci-generative-ai-llm/index.html#GUID-76987F35-F646-40CF-9CF2-42724BA57191)
- [Generative AI Chatbot using LLaMA-2, Qdrant, RAG, LangChain & Streamlit](https://blogs.oracle.com/ai-and-datascience/post/ai-chatbot-llama2-qdrant-rag-langchain-streamlit)
- [Oracle and Generative AI](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/Content/Resources/Assets/whitepapers/oracle-and-generative-ai.pdf)
- [Oracle’s generative AI strategy - blog by Greg Pavlik](https://blogs.oracle.com/ai-and-datascience/post/generative-ai-strategy)
- [Oracle to Deliver Powerful and Secure Generative AI Services for Business](https://www.oracle.com/news/announcement/oracle-to-deliver-powerful-and-secure-generative-ai-service-for-business-2023-06-13/)
- [The future of generative AI: What enterprises need to know | Oracle CloudWorld 2023](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qcHpu6WA-k8&t=3s)
- [What is Generative AI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pWNAtUwnBS8&t=3s)
- [Pre-GA OCI Generative AI (Beta) Service Product Tour](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1tnTyCp3GdY)
- [Oracle's Vision for the Future - Larry Ellison keynote Oracle Cloud World 2023](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=63DmgBN1rSI)
- [Generative AI on Oracle.com](https://www.oracle.com/artificial-intelligence/generative-ai/)
- [Generative AI product documentation](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/Content/generative-ai/home.htm)



# License

Copyright (c) 2024 Oracle and/or its affiliates.

Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.

See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/main/LICENSE) for more details.
