security/ciso-office/README.md, before:

# CISO Office

The CISO office group under Technology Engineering Security Specialists team is repsonsible to build trusted relationships with customer CISO team to help build and define their cybersecurity strategy, help how Oracle can assist in their cybersecurity priorities. In addition, the team also advises on OCI Security first design principles and how shared security management model can help them achieve security posture management to improve security resilience.  

- Executive Influence - Build Trusted Relationship
- Avoid Business risk with Cybersecurity management
- Embrace Zero Trust
- Reduce risk, Incident response, Resiliency and Optimize costs
- Adopt OCI to meet their compliance needs with securely build and operated workloads


# Table of Contents
 
1. [Team Publications](#team-publications)
2. [Useful Links](#useful-links)
3. [Reusable Assets Overview](#reusable-assets-overview)
 
## Team Publications
 
### Oracle Whitepaper
 
- [Approaching Zero Trust Security with Oracle Cloud Infrastructure](https://www.oracle.com/a/ocom/docs/whitepaper-zero-trust-security-oci.pdf)
    - How Oracle Cloud Infrastructure can help organizations adopt a Zero Trust Security model as recommended by the UK National Cyber Security Centre’s 8 principles
 
### Oracle Webinars

- [Oracle Espresso - Be More Resilient Against Ransomware Attacks](https://go.oracle.com/LP=114881?elqCampaignId=312068#On-Demand-Webinars)
  - The webinar adresses a number of design architectures, best practices, automation tooling, and services for your inspiration and consideration. Let us show you how to become more resilient in a systematic and consistent way.
- [Cybersecurity First: why Security is better in the cloud](https://go.oracle.com/LP=122806?)
   - Join us to hear from Oracle Security expert, how your solutions could benefit from OCI built-in security. 
- [OCI Tech Talk - OCI Strategy Update and Security Deep Dive](https://videohub.oracle.com/media/t/1_s6juw6by)
    - Watch this webinar as the Oracle experts will briefly go through some of the latest updates of OCI, before going in depth into the security topic. Oracle believes security should be foundational and built-in, and customers shouldn’t be forced to make tradeoffs between security and cost.
      
     
## Useful Links
 
- [Business Report: The mission of the Cloud-Centric CISO](https://www.oracle.com/a/ocom/docs/cloud/mission-of-the-cloud-centric-ciso-report.pdf)
    - Uncovering the Cyberleader Priorities and Challenges from the Oracle and KPMG Cloud Threat Report
- [Cloud security trends to safeguard your enterprise](https://www.oracle.com/security/cloud-security/what-is-cloud-security/security-trends/)
    - This ebook explores trends in how some organizations are using cloud services to address security challenges and provides ideas for how IT and security leaders can simplify and strengthen their security posture
- [Oracle Security](https://www.oracle.com/security/)
    - Protect your most valuable data in the cloud and on-premises with Oracle’s security-first approach. Oracle has decades of experience securing data and applications; Oracle Cloud Infrastructure delivers a more secure cloud to our customers, building trust and protecting their most valuable data.
 - [Oracle Cloud Compliance](https://www.oracle.com/corporate/cloud-compliance/)
     - Oracle is committed to helping customers operate globally in a fast-changing business environment and address the challenges of an ever more complex regulatory environment. 
 
# License

Copyright (c) 2023 Oracle and/or its affiliates.

Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.

See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/folder-structure/LICENSE) for more details.

Commit message:

Added a link for the Oracle Trust Center

security/ciso-office/README.md, after:

# CISO Office

The CISO office group under Technology Engineering Security Specialists team is repsonsible to build trusted relationships with customer CISO team to help build and define their cybersecurity strategy, help how Oracle can assist in their cybersecurity priorities. In addition, the team also advises on OCI Security first design principles and how shared security management model can help them achieve security posture management to improve security resilience.  

- Executive Influence - Build Trusted Relationship
- Avoid Business risk with Cybersecurity management
- Embrace Zero Trust
- Reduce risk, Incident response, Resiliency and Optimize costs
- Adopt OCI to meet their compliance needs with securely build and operated workloads


# Table of Contents
 
1. [Team Publications](#team-publications)
2. [Useful Links](#useful-links)
3. [Reusable Assets Overview](#reusable-assets-overview)
 
## Team Publications
 
### Oracle Whitepaper
 
- [Approaching Zero Trust Security with Oracle Cloud Infrastructure](https://www.oracle.com/a/ocom/docs/whitepaper-zero-trust-security-oci.pdf)
    - How Oracle Cloud Infrastructure can help organizations adopt a Zero Trust Security model as recommended by the UK National Cyber Security Centre’s 8 principles
 
### Oracle Webinars

- [Oracle Espresso - Be More Resilient Against Ransomware Attacks](https://go.oracle.com/LP=114881?elqCampaignId=312068#On-Demand-Webinars)
  - The webinar adresses a number of design architectures, best practices, automation tooling, and services for your inspiration and consideration. Let us show you how to become more resilient in a systematic and consistent way.
- [Cybersecurity First: why Security is better in the cloud](https://go.oracle.com/LP=122806?)
   - Join us to hear from Oracle Security expert, how your solutions could benefit from OCI built-in security. 
- [OCI Tech Talk - OCI Strategy Update and Security Deep Dive](https://videohub.oracle.com/media/t/1_s6juw6by)
    - Watch this webinar as the Oracle experts will briefly go through some of the latest updates of OCI, before going in depth into the security topic. Oracle believes security should be foundational and built-in, and customers shouldn’t be forced to make tradeoffs between security and cost.
      
     
## Useful Links
 
- [Business Report: The mission of the Cloud-Centric CISO](https://www.oracle.com/a/ocom/docs/cloud/mission-of-the-cloud-centric-ciso-report.pdf)
    - Uncovering the Cyberleader Priorities and Challenges from the Oracle and KPMG Cloud Threat Report
- [Cloud security trends to safeguard your enterprise](https://www.oracle.com/security/cloud-security/what-is-cloud-security/security-trends/)
    - This ebook explores trends in how some organizations are using cloud services to address security challenges and provides ideas for how IT and security leaders can simplify and strengthen their security posture
- [Oracle Security](https://www.oracle.com/security/)
    - Protect your most valuable data in the cloud and on-premises with Oracle’s security-first approach. Oracle has decades of experience securing data and applications; Oracle Cloud Infrastructure delivers a more secure cloud to our customers, building trust and protecting their most valuable data.
- [Oracle Cloud Compliance](https://www.oracle.com/corporate/cloud-compliance/)
     - Oracle is committed to helping customers operate globally in a fast-changing business environment and address the challenges of an ever more complex regulatory environment. 
- [Oracle Trust Center](https://www.oracle.com/trust/)
     - Contains a range of useful documents and links to various security, privacy, and compliance resources. Includes links to monitor the availability of Oracle Cloud. 
 
# License

Copyright (c) 2023 Oracle and/or its affiliates.

Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.

See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/folder-structure/LICENSE) for more details.
