data-platform/modernise/database-patching/README.md, before:

# Database Patching
 
Oracle regularly makes patches available to upgrade features, enhance security or fix problems with the Oracle database software version which is under Support. Oracle Database Patching is the process of updating the binaries and database with newly released patches.

In Oracle Cloud Infrastructure the customer owns and manages patching of OS and Database components for Co-Managed Database Services (Oracle Base Database and Exadata Database Service - Dedicated) with the help of powerful automation available. OCI follows Release Update(RU) Patching Strategy (from 12.2 version) for Grid Infrastructure and Database Home of Co-Managed Database Services. For Autonomous Databases, Oracle owns and Manages Patching.

Best practices & other useful resources around how to patch Oracle Databases on premises or on Oracle Cloud Infrastructure can be found on this page.
 
Reviewed: 03.11.2023

# Team Publications
 
- [How to Automate DB System Patching of Oracle Base Database in OCI](https://youtu.be/o_0KdVY631Y)
    - Step by step Video demo on automating the DB System Patching of Oracle Base Database in OCI
- [How to Automate Database Patching of Oracle Base Database in OCI](https://youtu.be/lzGQ0IgVbBE)
    - Step by step Video Demo on automating the Database Patching of Oracle Base Database in OCI
- [How to apply Database Quarterly Patches on ExaDB-D/ExaDB-C@C - Part 1 - Understanding the Patching Methods](https://youtu.be/3LRCR16JMBY?feature=shared)
    - Video explaining the various patching methods of ExaDB-D/ExaDB-C@C, part of the larger series available [here](https://youtu.be/mYUo0A5e178?feature=shared)
- [How to apply Database Quarterly Patches on ExaDB-D/ExaDB-C@C - Part 2 - Perform in-place patching of the database](https://youtu.be/euX1r7_BGC4?feature=shared)
    - Video explaining in-place patching of ExaDB-D/ExaDB-C@C databases, part of the larger series available [here](https://youtu.be/mYUo0A5e178?feature=shared)
- [How to apply Database Quarterly Patches on ExaDB-D/ExaDB-C@C - Part 3 - Out of Place Patching](https://youtu.be/gFnW7qpAAGw?feature=shared)
    - Video explaining Out of place patching of ExaDB-D/ExaDB-C@C databases, part of the larger series available [here](https://youtu.be/mYUo0A5e178?feature=shared)
- [How to apply Database Quarterly Patches on ExaDB-D/ExaDB-C@C - Part 4 - Exadata Fleet Update Prep](https://youtu.be/sDvx44-TNck?feature=shared)
    - Video explaining Exadata Fleet Update Preparation for ExaDB-D/ExaDB-C@C databases, part of the larger series available [here](https://youtu.be/mYUo0A5e178?feature=shared)
- [How to apply Database Quarterly Patches on ExaDB-D/ExaDB-C@C - Part 5 - Exadata Fleet Update](https://youtu.be/iydZdx4_5Kw?feature=shared)
    - Video explaining Exadata Fleet Update for ExaDB-D/ExaDB-C@C databases, part of the larger series available [here](https://youtu.be/mYUo0A5e178?feature=shared)

# License
 
Copyright (c) 2024 Oracle and/or its affiliates.
 
Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.
 
See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/main/LICENSE) for more details.

Commit message:

Updated ZDM and Patching pages with new assets

data-platform/modernise/database-patching/README.md, after:

# Database Patching
 
Oracle regularly makes patches available to upgrade features, enhance security or fix problems with the Oracle database software version which is under Support. Oracle Database Patching is the process of updating the binaries and database with newly released patches.

In Oracle Cloud Infrastructure the customer owns and manages patching of OS and Database components for Co-Managed Database Services (Oracle Base Database and Exadata Database Service - Dedicated) with the help of powerful automation available. OCI follows Release Update(RU) Patching Strategy (from 12.2 version) for Grid Infrastructure and Database Home of Co-Managed Database Services. For Autonomous Databases, Oracle owns and Manages Patching.

Best practices & other useful resources around how to patch Oracle Databases on premises or on Oracle Cloud Infrastructure can be found on this page.
 
Reviewed: 03.11.2023

# Team Publications

## Training Videos
 
- [How to Automate DB System Patching of Oracle Base Database in OCI](https://youtu.be/o_0KdVY631Y)
    - Step by step Video demo on automating the DB System Patching of Oracle Base Database in OCI
- [How to Automate Database Patching of Oracle Base Database in OCI](https://youtu.be/lzGQ0IgVbBE)
    - Step by step Video Demo on automating the Database Patching of Oracle Base Database in OCI
- [How to apply Database Quarterly Patches on ExaDB-D/ExaDB-C@C - Part 1 - Understanding the Patching Methods](https://youtu.be/3LRCR16JMBY?feature=shared)
    - Video explaining the various patching methods of ExaDB-D/ExaDB-C@C, part of the larger series available [here](https://youtu.be/mYUo0A5e178?feature=shared)
- [How to apply Database Quarterly Patches on ExaDB-D/ExaDB-C@C - Part 2 - Perform in-place patching of the database](https://youtu.be/euX1r7_BGC4?feature=shared)
    - Video explaining in-place patching of ExaDB-D/ExaDB-C@C databases, part of the larger series available [here](https://youtu.be/mYUo0A5e178?feature=shared)
- [How to apply Database Quarterly Patches on ExaDB-D/ExaDB-C@C - Part 3 - Out of Place Patching](https://youtu.be/gFnW7qpAAGw?feature=shared)
    - Video explaining Out of place patching of ExaDB-D/ExaDB-C@C databases, part of the larger series available [here](https://youtu.be/mYUo0A5e178?feature=shared)
- [How to apply Database Quarterly Patches on ExaDB-D/ExaDB-C@C - Part 4 - Exadata Fleet Update Prep](https://youtu.be/sDvx44-TNck?feature=shared)
    - Video explaining Exadata Fleet Update Preparation for ExaDB-D/ExaDB-C@C databases, part of the larger series available [here](https://youtu.be/mYUo0A5e178?feature=shared)
- [How to apply Database Quarterly Patches on ExaDB-D/ExaDB-C@C - Part 5 - Exadata Fleet Update](https://youtu.be/iydZdx4_5Kw?feature=shared)
    - Video explaining Exadata Fleet Update for ExaDB-D/ExaDB-C@C databases, part of the larger series available [here](https://youtu.be/mYUo0A5e178?feature=shared)
- [How to apply Database Quarterly Patches on ExaDB-D/ExaDB-C@C - Part 5 - Exadata Fleet Update](https://youtu.be/iydZdx4_5Kw?feature=shared)
    - Video explaining Exadata Fleet Update for ExaDB-D/ExaDB-C@C databases, part of the larger series available [here](https://youtu.be/mYUo0A5e178?feature=shared)
- [Level up your Exadata databases in OCI using Exadata Fleet Update - Cloud Coaching Webinar](https://youtu.be/DcHpYhVgmDU?feature=shared)
    - Cloud Coaching Webinar, including a technical demonstration, delivered by Amalraj Puthenchira around the use of Exadata Fleet Update for fleet level patching in ExaDB-D.

# License
 
Copyright (c) 2024 Oracle and/or its affiliates.
 
Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.
 
See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/main/LICENSE) for more details.
