cloud-infrastructure/infrastructure-security/iam/README.md, before:

# OCI Identity and Access Management (IAM)
 
OCI IAM is a native service of OCI that provides enterprise-class identity and access management features such as strong, adaptive authentication, user Lifecycle Management (LCM), and Single Sign-On (SSO) to enterprise applications. OCI IAM is deployed as an identity domain(s) in OCI. Included domain(s) allow organizations to manage access to their Oracle Cloud services (network, compute, storage, etc.) and Oracle SaaS applications. Customers can choose to upgrade or create additional identity domains to accommodate other use cases such as managing workforce access to non-Oracle applications, enabling consumer access to customer-facing applications, or embedding IAM into custom-developed applications.
 
# Table of Contents
 
1. [Team Publications](#team-publications)
2. [Useful Links](#useful-uinks)
 
## Team Publications

- [Oracle IAM Services ](https://www.oracle.com/emea/cloud/events/cloud-coaching/on-demand/?ytid=mvOqda-XZVE)
    - Video about Oracle's Identity and Access Management Services
 
- [OCI IAM and IDCS Common Use Cases](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RiaPB8PaEjA)
    - Video about common use cases of OCI IAM

- [SAML with JIT provisioning to setup an identity broker or identity hub](  https://blogs.oracle.com/coretec/post/saml-with-just-in-time-provisioning-to-setup-an-identity-broker-or-identity-hub)
    - Video about SAML with JIT Provisioning to setup an Identity Broker

- [SSO/Federation with keycloak and IDCS and/or OCI IAM-Domains](https://blogs.oracle.com/coretec/post/ssofederation-with-keycloak-and-idcs-andor-oci-iam-domains)
    - Blog about SSO/Federation with keycloak and IDCS and/or OCI IAM-Domains
      
 - [Using Roles in IAM Domain/IDCS for custom applications](https://blogs.oracle.com/coretec/post/using-roles-in-iam-domainidcs-for-custom-applications)
    - Blog about Using Roles in IAM Domain/IDCS for custom applications
 
  - [OCI API Gateway and OpenID Connect Authentication with IAM Domain, IDCS and Azure BtoC](https://blogs.oracle.com/coretec/post/oci-api-gateway-and-openid-connect-authentication-with-iam-domain-idcs-and-azure-btoc)
    - Blog about OCI APIGW and OIDC Auth with OCI IAM Domain and IDCS
 
## Useful Links
 
- [Federating with MS AzureAD](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/Content/Identity/Tasks/federatingADFSazure.htm)
    - Federating OCI IAM with Microsoft Azure Active Directory
- [OCI IAM Overview](https://www.oracle.com/uk/security/cloud-security/identity-cloud/)
    - OCI IAM Overview
- [OCI IAM Documentation](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/Content/Identity/Concepts/overview.htm)
    - OCI IAM Documentation
- [OCI IAM Introduction Video](https://youtu.be/TUP9lIijNJQ)
    - OCI IAM Overview video
      
# License
 
Copyright (c) 2023 Oracle and/or its affiliates.
 
Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.
 
See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/folder-structure/LICENSE) for more details.

Commit message:

Update README.md with additional blog reference
Update README.md with additional blog reference to IAM correlation with service console

cloud-infrastructure/infrastructure-security/iam/README.md, after:

# OCI Identity and Access Management (IAM)
 
OCI IAM is a native service of OCI that provides enterprise-class identity and access management features such as strong, adaptive authentication, user Lifecycle Management (LCM), and Single Sign-On (SSO) to enterprise applications. OCI IAM is deployed as an identity domain(s) in OCI. Included domain(s) allow organizations to manage access to their Oracle Cloud services (network, compute, storage, etc.) and Oracle SaaS applications. Customers can choose to upgrade or create additional identity domains to accommodate other use cases such as managing workforce access to non-Oracle applications, enabling consumer access to customer-facing applications, or embedding IAM into custom-developed applications.
 
# Table of Contents
 
1. [Team Publications](#team-publications)
2. [Useful Links](#useful-uinks)
 
## Team Publications

- [Oracle IAM Services ](https://www.oracle.com/emea/cloud/events/cloud-coaching/on-demand/?ytid=mvOqda-XZVE)
    - Video about Oracle's Identity and Access Management Services
 
- [OCI IAM and IDCS Common Use Cases](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RiaPB8PaEjA)
    - Video about common use cases of OCI IAM

- [SAML with JIT provisioning to setup an identity broker or identity hub](  https://blogs.oracle.com/coretec/post/saml-with-just-in-time-provisioning-to-setup-an-identity-broker-or-identity-hub)
    - Video about SAML with JIT Provisioning to setup an Identity Broker

- [SSO/Federation with keycloak and IDCS and/or OCI IAM-Domains](https://blogs.oracle.com/coretec/post/ssofederation-with-keycloak-and-idcs-andor-oci-iam-domains)
    - Blog about SSO/Federation with keycloak and IDCS and/or OCI IAM-Domains
      
 - [Using Roles in IAM Domain/IDCS for custom applications](https://blogs.oracle.com/coretec/post/using-roles-in-iam-domainidcs-for-custom-applications)
    - Blog about Using Roles in IAM Domain/IDCS for custom applications
 
  - [OCI API Gateway and OpenID Connect Authentication with IAM Domain, IDCS and Azure BtoC](https://blogs.oracle.com/coretec/post/oci-api-gateway-and-openid-connect-authentication-with-iam-domain-idcs-and-azure-btoc)
    - Blog about OCI APIGW and OIDC Auth with OCI IAM Domain and IDCS

  - [Correlation between OCI native IAM, IDCS and Service Console](https://blogs.oracle.com/coretec/post/correlation-between-oci-native-iam-idcs-and-service-console)
    - Blog about the correlation between the IAMs in OCI and Service Console
 
## Useful Links
 
- [Federating with MS AzureAD](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/Content/Identity/Tasks/federatingADFSazure.htm)
    - Federating OCI IAM with Microsoft Azure Active Directory
- [OCI IAM Overview](https://www.oracle.com/uk/security/cloud-security/identity-cloud/)
    - OCI IAM Overview
- [OCI IAM Documentation](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/Content/Identity/Concepts/overview.htm)
    - OCI IAM Documentation
- [OCI IAM Introduction Video](https://youtu.be/TUP9lIijNJQ)
    - OCI IAM Overview video
      
# License
 
Copyright (c) 2023 Oracle and/or its affiliates.
 
Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.
 
See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/folder-structure/LICENSE) for more details.
