data-platform/analytics/oracle-analytics-cloud/OBI2OAC/README.md, before:

# Oracle Business Intelligence to OAC
 
This asset covers the process and documentation of the migration of Oracle Business Intelligence(OBI) to the Oracle Analytics cloud(OAC).
 
 
Reviewed: 16.01.2024
 
# When to use this asset?
 
Refer to this asset to learn how to migrate the Oracle Business Intelligence workload to the Oracle Analytics cloud.
 
# How to use this asset?
 
Refer to the cloud coaching and documents to learn how OAC is different from OBI and what the benefits of migrating OBI to OAC are.
Refer to the uploaded documents to learn about the complete process of the technical migration of OBI to OAC.
 
# Useful Links
 
 |[https://www.oracle.com/uk/business-analytics/products/destination-guides/obiee.html|Destination Guide for OBIEE|
 |https://www.oracle.com/uk/business-analytics/products/destination-guides/obia.html|Destination Guide for OBIA|
 |https://blogs.oracle.com/analytics/post/revolutionise-your-oracle-analytics-investments-through-simply-evolving|Revolutionise your Oracle Analytics investments simply, seamlessly|
 |https://blogs.oracle.com/analytics/post/oa-addressing-your-deploy-mgt-needs|Oracle Analytics – addressing all your deployment & manageability needs|
 |https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=udOfHSioEY4|OBI Modernization - video|
 
# License
 
Copyright (c) 2023 Oracle and/or its affiliates.
 
Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.
 
See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/main/LICENSE) for more details.

Commit message:

Updated MD Files
updated .md files for OBI2OAC and BIP2OAC

data-platform/analytics/oracle-analytics-cloud/OBI2OAC/README.md, after:

# Oracle Business Intelligence to Oracle Analytics Cloud
 
This asset covers the process and documentation of the migration of Oracle Business Intelligence(OBI) to the Oracle Analytics cloud(OAC).
 
 
Reviewed: 16.01.2024
 
# When to use this asset?
 
Refer to this asset to learn how to migrate the Oracle Business Intelligence workload to the Oracle Analytics Cloud.
 
# How to use this asset?
 
Refer to the links below to learn how OAC is different from OBI, what are the benefits of migrating OBI to OAC and what are the steps:
Cloud Coaching:[OBI Modernization - video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=udOfHSioEY4)
Documentation:[OBI2OAC Documentation](https://docs.oracle.com/en/cloud/paas/analytics-cloud/acmgb/learn-migrating-oracle-analytics-cloud.html#GUID-C9FC5D36-3EA6-41D5-8A30-37C0E192E3D8)
Under Files Folder you will be able to find the following materials to support on the Migration:
Questionnaire for Customer - to help assess the overall OBI footprint and features
OAC vs OBIEE - to understand the differences between the two solutions
Technical Migration to OAC - to understand the conceptual steps needed for the migration
OAC Guidelines - steps needed to provision OAC as well as ADW (in case needed) as well as training materials and resources for getting further support.
 
# Useful Links
 
 -[Destination Guide for OBIEE](https://www.oracle.com/uk/business-analytics/products/destination-guides/obiee.html)
 -[Destination Guide for OBIA](https://www.oracle.com/uk/business-analytics/products/destination-guides/obia.html)
 -[Revolutionise your Oracle Analytics investments simply, seamlessly](https://blogs.oracle.com/analytics/post/revolutionise-your-oracle-analytics-investments-through-simply-evolving)
 -[Oracle Analytics – addressing all your deployment & manageability needs](https://blogs.oracle.com/analytics/post/oa-addressing-your-deploy-mgt-needs)
 -[OBI Modernization - video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=udOfHSioEY4)
 
# License
 
Copyright (c) 2023 Oracle and/or its affiliates.
 
Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.
 
See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/main/LICENSE) for more details.
