cloud-infrastructure/networking/network-firewall/README.md, before:

# Network Firewall Assets
Enterprise customers leverage next-generation network firewall solutions to protect on-prem apps against layer 3-7 cyber attacks. It is important for us to provide a similar network security posture to enable those customers to adopt and migrate their workloads to OCI.

OCI's network and application layer security controls currently have the following limitations and customer pain points:

    Layered Defence
    Advanced Egress Security Controls
    Advanced Network Firewall Features



# Table of Contents
 
1. [Useful Links](#useful-links)
2. [Team Publications](#team-publications)

 
## Useful Links

- [OCI Network Firewall Documentation](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/Content/network-firewall/home.htm)
- [OCI Network Firewall Overview](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/Content/network-firewall/overview.htm)
- [OCI Network Firewall LiveLabs workshop](https://apexapps.oracle.com/pls/apex/dbpm/r/livelabs/view-workshop?wid=3499) 
- [Fortinet Terraform templates](https://github.com/fortinet/fortigate-terraform-deploy/tree/main/oci) 
- [Fortinet OCI Deployments](https://github.com/40net-cloud/fortinet-oci-solutions) 

## Team Publications

### Reference Architectures & Step-by-step Guides


- [Use OCI Network Firewall for SSL forward proxy and inbound inspection using Decryption rule](https://docs.oracle.com/en/learn/oci-network-firewall/#introduction)
    -  Step-by-step guide to deploy OCI network Firewall for SSL Forward proxy and inbound inspection with Decryption rules. It does include an introduction to encryption for beginners
    

### Blogs
 
- [Using OCI Network Firewall for SSL Decryption](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/oci-network-firewall-ssl-decryption)
    -  Blog describing OCI Network Firewall, focusing on SSL Decryption techniques


- [Announcing Network Firewall Services](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloudsecurity/post/announcing-oracle-cloud-infrastructure-network-firewall)
- [How to use Network FW](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloudsecurity/post/defense-in-depth-layering-using-oci-network-firewall)
- [Concept and use cases](https://www.ateam-oracle.com/post/oci-network-firewall---concepts-and-deployment)
- [Hub and Spoke fraffic inspection](https://www.ateam-oracle.com/post/oci-network-firewall---hub-and-spoke-traffic-inspection)


### Videos & Podcasts
- [Network Firewall Overview - Oracle Learning Channel](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AlwQQQOl5qw)
    -  Step-by-step session around OCI Network Firewall with advanced features
- [OCI Network Firewall Routing Session - Part 1 ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aX3hl-91zRc)
    -  Step-by-step guide around routing in Network Firewall, part 1
- [OCI Network Firewall Routing Session - Part 2 ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zZYZehAnVXw&t=0s)
    -  Step-by-step guide around routing in Network Firewall, part 2
- [Cloud Coaching Public session](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AlwQQQOl5qw)




# License

Copyright (c) 2024 Oracle and/or its affiliates.

Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.

See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/main/LICENSE) for more details.

Commit message:

removeing ToC
Adding some extre links for Steps guide, etc

cloud-infrastructure/networking/network-firewall/README.md, after:

# Network Firewall Assets
Enterprise customers leverage next-generation network firewall solutions to protect on-prem apps against layer 3-7 cyber attacks. It is important for us to provide a similar network security posture to enable those customers to adopt and migrate their workloads to OCI.

OCI's network and application layer security controls currently have the following limitations and customer pain points:

    Layered Defence
    Advanced Egress Security Controls
    Advanced Network Firewall Features




 
## Useful Links

- [OCI Network Firewall Documentation](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/Content/network-firewall/home.htm)
- [OCI Network Firewall Overview](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/Content/network-firewall/overview.htm)
- [OCI Network Firewall LiveLabs workshop](https://apexapps.oracle.com/pls/apex/dbpm/r/livelabs/view-workshop?wid=3499) 
- [Fortinet Terraform templates](https://github.com/fortinet/fortigate-terraform-deploy/tree/main/oci) 
- [Fortinet OCI Deployments](https://github.com/40net-cloud/fortinet-oci-solutions) 

## Team Publications

- [Create Fully Compatible JSON Templates from Custom PEM Certificates for OCI Network Firewall](https://docs.oracle.com/en/learn/setup-certificate-authentication-oci-network-fw/index.html)

### Reference Architectures & Step-by-step Guides


- [Use OCI Network Firewall for SSL forward proxy and inbound inspection using Decryption rule](https://docs.oracle.com/en/learn/oci-network-firewall/#introduction)
    -  Step-by-step guide to deploy OCI network Firewall for SSL Forward proxy and inbound inspection with Decryption rules. It does include an introduction to encryption for beginners
    

### Blogs
 
- [Using OCI Network Firewall for SSL Decryption](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/oci-network-firewall-ssl-decryption)
    -  Blog describing OCI Network Firewall, focusing on SSL Decryption techniques


- [Announcing Network Firewall Services](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloudsecurity/post/announcing-oracle-cloud-infrastructure-network-firewall)
- [How to use Network FW](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloudsecurity/post/defense-in-depth-layering-using-oci-network-firewall)
- [Concept and use cases](https://www.ateam-oracle.com/post/oci-network-firewall---concepts-and-deployment)
- [Hub and Spoke fraffic inspection](https://www.ateam-oracle.com/post/oci-network-firewall---hub-and-spoke-traffic-inspection)


### Videos & Podcasts
- [Network Firewall Overview - Oracle Learning Channel](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AlwQQQOl5qw)
    -  Step-by-step session around OCI Network Firewall with advanced features
- [OCI Network Firewall Routing Session - Part 1 ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aX3hl-91zRc)
    -  Step-by-step guide around routing in Network Firewall, part 1
- [OCI Network Firewall Routing Session - Part 2 ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zZYZehAnVXw&t=0s)
    -  Step-by-step guide around routing in Network Firewall, part 2
- [Cloud Coaching Public session](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AlwQQQOl5qw)




# License

Copyright (c) 2024 Oracle and/or its affiliates.

Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.

See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/main/LICENSE) for more details.
