data-platform/open-source-data-platforms/oci-opensearch/readme.md, before:

# OCI Search with OpenSearch
OCI Search with OpenSearch is a managed service that you can use to build in-application search solutions based on OpenSearch to enable you to search large datasets and return results in milliseconds, without having to focus on managing your infrastructure.

Search with OpenSearch handles all the management and operations of search clusters, including operations such as security updates, upgrades, resizing, and scheduled backups. This allows you to focus your resources on building features for your OpenSearch solutions.

# Table of Contents

1. [Team Publications](#team-publications) 
2. [Useful Links](#useful-links)
3. [Reusable Assets](#reusable-assets)

# Team Publications

- [Step by step migration guide](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/Content/search-opensearch/Concepts/importingacluster.htm)
- [LiveLabs: Search Documents stored in Object Storage using Opensearch, Generative AI, Semantic Search, RAG](https://apexapps.oracle.com/pls/apex/f?p=133:180:239256605646::::wid:3762)
- [LiveLabs: Search and visualize data with OCI Search Service with OpenSearch](https://apexapps.oracle.com/pls/apex/f?p=133:180:6071760449919::::wid:3427)


# Useful Links

- [Search and visualize data using OCI Search Service with OpenSearch](https://docs.oracle.com/en/learn/oci-opensearch/index.html)
- [Use OCI Search Service with OpenSearch to build in-application search - architecture pattern](https://docs.oracle.com/en/solutions/oci-opensearch-application-search/#GUID-AEAA600E-BBCC-4102-8E23-ABEC941FE84C)


# License

Copyright (c) 2024 Oracle and/or its affiliates.

Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.

See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/main/LICENSE) for more details.

Commit message:

added asset to oci opensearch, notebook

data-platform/open-source-data-platforms/oci-opensearch/readme.md, after:

# OCI Search with OpenSearch
OCI Search with OpenSearch is a managed service that you can use to build in-application search solutions based on OpenSearch to enable you to search large datasets and return results in milliseconds, without having to focus on managing your infrastructure.

Search with OpenSearch handles all the management and operations of search clusters, including operations such as security updates, upgrades, resizing, and scheduled backups. This allows you to focus your resources on building features for your OpenSearch solutions.

# Table of Contents

1. [Team Publications](#team-publications) 
2. [Useful Links](#useful-links)
3. [Reusable Assets](#reusable-assets)

# Team Publications

- [Retrieval Augmented Generation with OCI OpenSearch and GenAI service](https://github.com/bobpeulen/oci_opensearch/blob/main/oci_opensearch_rag_auto.ipynb)
A notebook describing and performing all steps to create and store a custom embedding model in the OCI OpenSearch cluster and create a full RAG pipeline (OCI OpenSearch as Vector database and in-memory engine and the GenAI service (cohere) as LLM)

- [Step by step migration guide](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/Content/search-opensearch/Concepts/importingacluster.htm)
- [LiveLabs: Search Documents stored in Object Storage using Opensearch, Generative AI, Semantic Search, RAG](https://apexapps.oracle.com/pls/apex/f?p=133:180:239256605646::::wid:3762)
- [LiveLabs: Search and visualize data with OCI Search Service with OpenSearch](https://apexapps.oracle.com/pls/apex/f?p=133:180:6071760449919::::wid:3427)


# Useful Links

- [Search and visualize data using OCI Search Service with OpenSearch](https://docs.oracle.com/en/learn/oci-opensearch/index.html)
- [Use OCI Search Service with OpenSearch to build in-application search - architecture pattern](https://docs.oracle.com/en/solutions/oci-opensearch-application-search/#GUID-AEAA600E-BBCC-4102-8E23-ABEC941FE84C)


# License

Copyright (c) 2024 Oracle and/or its affiliates.

Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.

See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/main/LICENSE) for more details.
