data-platform/modernise/zero-downtime-migration/README.md, before:

# Zero Downtime Migration - ZDM
 
Oracle Zero Downtime Migration (ZDM) is the Oracle Maximum Availability Architecture (MAA)-recommended solution to migrate Oracle Databases to the Oracle Cloud. ZDM automates the entire migration process, reducing the chance of human errors and providing zero to negligible downtime for the production system.
 
# Table of Contents
 
1. [Team Publications](#team-publications)
2. [Useful Links](#useful-links)
 
## Team Publications

- [Migrate your Oracle Database to OCI using ZDM (Zero-Downtime Migration) - Cloud Coaching Webinar](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SXb7KVZjpV8)
    - Cloud Coaching Webinar, including a technical demonstration, delivered by Amalraj Puthenchira around the use of ZDM for efficient migration into OCI.
- [ZDM/DMS Comparison](https://macsdata.netlify.app/oradb/migration/zdm-dms-comparison/)
    - Technical Comparison of Zero Downtime Migration and OCI Database Migration service, available on Marcus Doeringer's public platform
- [GoldenGate: Marketplace Image Installation Guide](https://macsdata.netlify.app/oradb/migration/goldengate/marketplace/install/)
    - Detailed, step-by-step GoldenGate Marketplace Image installation guide for database migrations, available on Marcus Doeringer's public platform
- [GoldenGate: Marketplace Image Docker Setup Guide](https://macsdata.netlify.app/oradb/migration/goldengate/marketplace/docker/)
    - Detailed, step-by-step GoldenGate Marketplace Image Docker setup guide for database migrations, available on Marcus Doeringer's public platform
- [Zero Downtime Migration : Physical Offline Migration to Co-Managed Databases in OCI](https://apexapps.oracle.com/pls/apex/dbpm/r/livelabs/view-workshop?wid=3568)
    - Detailed, step-by-step guide to setup physical offline migration in Zero Downtime Migration 
- [Zero Downtime Migration: Physical Online Migration with Backup Location to Co-Managed Databases in OCI](https://apexapps.oracle.com/pls/apex/dbpm/r/livelabs/view-workshop?wid=3618)
    - Detailed, step-by-step guide to setup physical online migration with backup location in Zero Downtime Migration
- [Zero Downtime Migration: Physical Online Migration with Direct Data Transfer to Co-Managed Databases in OCI](https://apexapps.oracle.com/pls/apex/dbpm/r/livelabs/view-workshop?wid=3669)
    - Detailed, step-by-step guide to setup physical online migration with direct data transfer in Zero Downtime Migration
- [ZDM: Installation Guide](https://macsdata.netlify.app/oradb/migration/zdm/installation) 
    - Detailed, step-by-step guide for ZDM installation
- [ZDM: Patching Guide](https://macsdata.netlify.app/oradb/migration/zdm/patching) 
    - Detailed, step-by-step guide for ZDM patching
- [ZDM: Wallet Setup Guide](https://macsdata.netlify.app/oradb/migration/zdm/wallet)
    - Detailed, step-by-step guide for ZDM wallet setup
- [Red Hot Universally Speaking - Zero Downtime Migration session on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1jQ9GtAKDF0)
    - Red Hot Webinar delivered by Amalraj Puthenchira and Carlos Alvarez capturing an in depth description of Zero Downtime Migration - features, functionality, use-cases and technical demonstration

 
## Useful Links

- [Zero Downtime Migration 21.4 Documentation](https://docs.oracle.com/en/database/oracle/zero-downtime-migration/21.4/zdmrn/index.html#ZDMRN-GUID-A1A467DC-FC06-4409-AF7F-BF0186CD8C54)
- [Zero Downtime Migration page at oracle.com](https://www.oracle.com/database/technologies/rac/zdm.html)
- [Zero Downtime Migration Documentation at Oracle Help Center](https://docs.oracle.com/en/database/oracle/zero-downtime-migration/index.html)
- [Zero Downtime Migration - Logical Offline Migration to ADB LiveLab](https://apexapps.oracle.com/pls/apex/dbpm/r/livelabs/view-workshop?wid=850)
- [Zero Downtime Migration - Logical Online Migration to ADB LiveLab](https://apexapps.oracle.com/pls/apex/dbpm/r/livelabs/view-workshop?wid=937)
- [Zero Downtime Migration - Migrating and Upgrading Oracle Databases to OCI with Oracle Zero Downtime Migration (ZDM)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WPkqwnXGSjo)

# License
 
Copyright (c) 2023 Oracle and/or its affiliates.
 
Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.
 
See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/folder-structure/LICENSE) for more details.

Commit message:

added Cloud customer connect link to ZDM page

data-platform/modernise/zero-downtime-migration/README.md, after:

# Zero Downtime Migration - ZDM
 
Oracle Zero Downtime Migration (ZDM) is the Oracle Maximum Availability Architecture (MAA)-recommended solution to migrate Oracle Databases to the Oracle Cloud. ZDM automates the entire migration process, reducing the chance of human errors and providing zero to negligible downtime for the production system.
 
# Table of Contents
 
1. [Team Publications](#team-publications)
2. [Useful Links](#useful-links)
 
## Team Publications

- [Migrate your Oracle Database to OCI using ZDM (Zero-Downtime Migration) - Cloud Coaching Webinar](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SXb7KVZjpV8)
    - Cloud Coaching Webinar, including a technical demonstration, delivered by Amalraj Puthenchira around the use of ZDM for efficient migration into OCI.
- [ZDM/DMS Comparison](https://macsdata.netlify.app/oradb/migration/zdm-dms-comparison/)
    - Technical Comparison of Zero Downtime Migration and OCI Database Migration service, available on Marcus Doeringer's public platform
- [GoldenGate: Marketplace Image Installation Guide](https://macsdata.netlify.app/oradb/migration/goldengate/marketplace/install/)
    - Detailed, step-by-step GoldenGate Marketplace Image installation guide for database migrations, available on Marcus Doeringer's public platform
- [GoldenGate: Marketplace Image Docker Setup Guide](https://macsdata.netlify.app/oradb/migration/goldengate/marketplace/docker/)
    - Detailed, step-by-step GoldenGate Marketplace Image Docker setup guide for database migrations, available on Marcus Doeringer's public platform
- [Zero Downtime Migration : Physical Offline Migration to Co-Managed Databases in OCI](https://apexapps.oracle.com/pls/apex/dbpm/r/livelabs/view-workshop?wid=3568)
    - Detailed, step-by-step guide to setup physical offline migration in Zero Downtime Migration 
- [Zero Downtime Migration: Physical Online Migration with Backup Location to Co-Managed Databases in OCI](https://apexapps.oracle.com/pls/apex/dbpm/r/livelabs/view-workshop?wid=3618)
    - Detailed, step-by-step guide to setup physical online migration with backup location in Zero Downtime Migration
- [Zero Downtime Migration: Physical Online Migration with Direct Data Transfer to Co-Managed Databases in OCI](https://apexapps.oracle.com/pls/apex/dbpm/r/livelabs/view-workshop?wid=3669)
    - Detailed, step-by-step guide to setup physical online migration with direct data transfer in Zero Downtime Migration
- [ZDM: Installation Guide](https://macsdata.netlify.app/oradb/migration/zdm/installation) 
    - Detailed, step-by-step guide for ZDM installation
- [ZDM: Patching Guide](https://macsdata.netlify.app/oradb/migration/zdm/patching) 
    - Detailed, step-by-step guide for ZDM patching
- [ZDM: Wallet Setup Guide](https://macsdata.netlify.app/oradb/migration/zdm/wallet)
    - Detailed, step-by-step guide for ZDM wallet setup
- [Red Hot Universally Speaking - Zero Downtime Migration session on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1jQ9GtAKDF0)
    - Red Hot Webinar delivered by Amalraj Puthenchira and Carlos Alvarez capturing an in depth description of Zero Downtime Migration - features, functionality, use-cases and technical demonstration
- [Ace your Database Migration to Oracle Exadata Database Service on Dedicated Infrastructure](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=luBezgN7sa0)
     - Cloud Customer Connect session delivered by Amalraj Puthenchira explaining how to use the Oracle Zero Downtime Migration(ZDM) tool to migrate Oracle Database on Linux to Exadata Database Service on Dedicated Infrastructure.

 
## Useful Links

- [Zero Downtime Migration 21.4 Documentation](https://docs.oracle.com/en/database/oracle/zero-downtime-migration/21.4/zdmrn/index.html#ZDMRN-GUID-A1A467DC-FC06-4409-AF7F-BF0186CD8C54)
- [Zero Downtime Migration page at oracle.com](https://www.oracle.com/database/technologies/rac/zdm.html)
- [Zero Downtime Migration Documentation at Oracle Help Center](https://docs.oracle.com/en/database/oracle/zero-downtime-migration/index.html)
- [Zero Downtime Migration - Logical Offline Migration to ADB LiveLab](https://apexapps.oracle.com/pls/apex/dbpm/r/livelabs/view-workshop?wid=850)
- [Zero Downtime Migration - Logical Online Migration to ADB LiveLab](https://apexapps.oracle.com/pls/apex/dbpm/r/livelabs/view-workshop?wid=937)
- [Zero Downtime Migration - Migrating and Upgrading Oracle Databases to OCI with Oracle Zero Downtime Migration (ZDM)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WPkqwnXGSjo)

# License
 
Copyright (c) 2023 Oracle and/or its affiliates.
 
Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.
 
See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/folder-structure/LICENSE) for more details.
