# Travel Agent
This repository contains all the code for a demo of a **Travel Agent**.
The AI Agent enables a customer to get information about available destinations and to organize a trip, book flight, hotel...

The agent has been developed using **OCI Generative AI** and **LangGraph**.

## Configuration
You only need to create a file, named config_private.py, with the value for **COMPARTMENT_OCID**.
The compartment must be a compartment where you have setup the right policies to access OCI Generative AI.

In config.py AUTH_TYPE is set to API_KEY, therefore you need to have in $HOME/.oci the key pair to access OCI.
Another option, if you're deploying in OCI, is to setup INSTANCE_PRINCIPAL.

## How-to start the demo
Two shell scripts (.sh) are provided. We use **uvicorn** to start the API.

## List of libraries used
* oci
* langchain-community
* langgraph
* streamlit
* fastapi
* black
* pydeck
* uvicorn

see also: requirements.txt

## Demo data
Demo data are contained in mock_data.py

If you want some realistic results, you should ask to plan a trip from **Rome** to one
of the following cities:
* Amsterdam
* Barcelona
* Florence
* Madrid
* Valencia

or, simply add other records to the JSON in mock_data.py.

If you want to diaplay the position of the Hotel in a map, you need to provide in the file
correct values for latitude and longitude.

(26/05/2025) The demo has been updated: now you should be able to select any place of departure and destination.
Data are generated by a LLM.

## Supported languages
As of now, the demo fully supports:
* English
* Italian

to add other languages, you need to add the translations in translations.py and change, accordingly, some
code in streamlit_app.py.

## Features
* **Routing** (you can ask **for information** or **book** a travel)
* **Multi-turn** conversation to get all the required information for booking a travel
* Easy **localization** (english, italian, ...)
* **Streaming** support in API

## Streaming
Streaming support is based on the same core agent implementation than nop-streaming.

To use it, you should:
* start the API contained in agent_api (use the script)
* use the [Streaming Streamlit client](./streamlit_app_streaming.py) 






