app-dev/devops-and-containers/oke/README.md, before:

# Container Engine for Kubernetes (OKE)
 
Container Engine for Kubernetes (OKE) is a popular and powerful managed Kubernetes running on OCI. It boosts Kubernetes with powerful networking based on OCI VCN, resilient block and file storage, and tight security integration with OCI IAM. It's well known for its [capabilities](https://developer.oracle.com/learn/k8s/k8s_comparison.html) offering great price-performance ratio. It's the heart of every cloud-native architecture in OCI.
 
Reviewed: 20.12.2023
 
# Table of Contents
 
1. [Team Publications](#team-publications)
2. [Useful Links](#useful-links)
3. [Reusable Assets Overview](#reusable-assets-overview)
 
# Team Publications

- [Cloud Coaching - Deploy Microservices with Kubernetes (OKE)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mu5jbFjKKn0)
- [Cloud Coaching - OCI Observability for Kubernetes monitoring](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mu5jbFjKKn0)
- [Disaster Recovery — Notes on Velero and OKE, Part 1: Stateless Pods](https://medium.com/oracledevs/disaster-recovery-notes-on-velero-and-oke-part-1-stateless-pods-b4ba3e737386)
- [Advanced Kubernetes Networking: OKE in a Hub-Spoke Architectures](https://medium.com/oracledevs/advanced-kubernetes-networking-oke-in-a-hub-spoke-architectures-f0ba2256e824)
- [Scale and optimize Jenkins on Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Container Engine for Kubernetes](https://docs.oracle.com/en/solutions/oci-jenkins-oke/index.html#GUID-23A8EB94-DFFC-4D5C-897F-5F59423447D2)
- [Argo Workflow on OKE for limitless ML](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HOWrwBVuLp0)
- [Running MongoDB on OKE Smoothly](https://medium.com/oracledevs/running-mongodb-on-oke-smoothly-f0ff12af3e9)
- [Deploy Ingress Nginx using Helm in OKE](https://medium.com/oracledevs/deploy-ingress-nginx-using-helm-in-oci-c3ff4d9d5450)
- [Serve gRPC on OKE With Ingress and Network Load balancer](https://medium.com/oracledevs/serve-grpc-services-on-oke-with-ingress-and-network-load-balancer-8794809629dd)
- [How to Read a Remote IP Address Behind Ingress and Load Balancer in OKE](https://medium.com/oracledevs/how-to-read-a-remote-ip-address-behind-ingress-and-load-balancer-in-oke-ea71dedcbbec)
- [Example: How to access pods in the same OKE cluster subnet without using LB (or other services) just by using OCI Native networking](https://github.com/mikarinneoracle/pods-communication-easy-with-OCI-VCN-native-Kubernetes)
- [Jenkins meets OKE: preemptible extension](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P7W7SwYA9tM)
- [Jenkins meets OKE: GitHub lab](https://github.com/alcampag/jenkins-oke)
- [Deploy an autoscaling virus scanner using Oracle Container Engine for Kubernetes](https://docs.oracle.com/en/solutions/deploy-virus-scanner-oke/#GUID-2AE5986A-3B1E-4498-BF09-DEA1365F3446)
- [Collection of Labs](https://oracle.github.io/cloudtestdrive/AppDev/cloud-native/livelabs/)
- [Deploy OCI Service Mesh and Microservices on OKE using Cloud Shell](https://docs.oracle.com/en/solutions/deploy-oci-service-mesh/)
- [Public Domain Name Switch from a primary OKE Cluster to a secondary OKE Cluster](https://github.com/cpruvost/demofss)
- [A Kubernetes mutating admission controller written using Helidon that supports a general-purpose model for replacing or adding to deployment objects](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/kubernetes-mutating-admission-controller)
- [Cloud Coaching: Service Mesh](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IgGFi6EnpUI)
- [Build an ARM Kubernetes cluster on OCI and deploy an Nginx website](https://docs.oracle.com/en/solutions/build-arm-kubernetes-cluster-oci/)
- [Terraform module cn-oke is an MVP-like OKE deployment comprised of a single Kubernetes cluster with multiple node pools configurable from input variables](https://registry.terraform.io/modules/ivandelic/cn-oke/oci/latest)
- [Terraform module cn-oke is an MVP-like VCN designed to support cloud-native workloads. It's tailored to support integrated communication for cloud-native components, such as OKE, Functions, Container Instances, and others](https://registry.terraform.io/modules/ivandelic/cn-vcn/oci/latest)
- [How to deploy Ingress Nginx using Helm in OCI](https://medium.com/@ivan-delic/deploy-ingress-nginx-using-helm-in-oci-c3ff4d9d5450)
- [Version Control Your Database in a Microservices Architecture](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qh9jppe_yNI)
- [Kubernetes Service Operator for OCI Streaming — First steps](https://blogs.oracle.com/developers/post/using-oci-with-k8s)

 
# Useful Links

- [From scratched to advanced](https://github.com/oktaytuncay/Kubernetes/blob/master/kubernetes.md)
- [Kubernetes cloud booster for beginners with Oracle Container Engine and Oracle Cloud Infrastructure](https://github.com/fharris/k8cloudbooster)
- [Working with enhanced clusters](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/Content/ContEng/Tasks/contengworkingwithenhancedclusters.htm)
- [Selecting a cloud native microservice framework](https://louwersj.medium.com/selecting-a-cloud-native-microservice-framework-9974e9534da1)
- [Deploying a spring boot microservice in K8s](https://techdozo.dev/deploying-a-restful-spring-boot-microservice-on-kubernetes/)
- [Collection of Labs](https://oracle.github.io/cloudtestdrive/AppDev/cloud-native/livelabs/)
 
# Reusable Assets Overview
 
- [Cluster Api OCI](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/tree/main/app-dev/oke/capoci)
 
# License
 
Copyright (c) 2024 Oracle and/or its affiliates.
 
Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.
 
See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/main/LICENSE) for more details.

Commit message:

dr with velero and oke, blog ref

app-dev/devops-and-containers/oke/README.md, after:

# Container Engine for Kubernetes (OKE)
 
Container Engine for Kubernetes (OKE) is a popular and powerful managed Kubernetes running on OCI. It boosts Kubernetes with powerful networking based on OCI VCN, resilient block and file storage, and tight security integration with OCI IAM. It's well known for its [capabilities](https://developer.oracle.com/learn/k8s/k8s_comparison.html) offering great price-performance ratio. It's the heart of every cloud-native architecture in OCI.
 
Reviewed: 20.12.2023
 
# Table of Contents
 
1. [Team Publications](#team-publications)
2. [Useful Links](#useful-links)
3. [Reusable Assets Overview](#reusable-assets-overview)
 
# Team Publications

- [Cloud Coaching - Deploy Microservices with Kubernetes (OKE)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mu5jbFjKKn0)
- [Cloud Coaching - OCI Observability for Kubernetes monitoring](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mu5jbFjKKn0)
- [Disaster Recovery — Notes on Velero and OKE, Part 1: Stateless Pods](https://medium.com/oracledevs/disaster-recovery-notes-on-velero-and-oke-part-1-stateless-pods-b4ba3e737386)
- [Advanced Kubernetes Networking: OKE in a Hub-Spoke Architectures](https://medium.com/oracledevs/advanced-kubernetes-networking-oke-in-a-hub-spoke-architectures-f0ba2256e824)
- [Scale and optimize Jenkins on Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Container Engine for Kubernetes](https://docs.oracle.com/en/solutions/oci-jenkins-oke/index.html#GUID-23A8EB94-DFFC-4D5C-897F-5F59423447D2)
- [Argo Workflow on OKE for limitless ML](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HOWrwBVuLp0)
- [Running MongoDB on OKE Smoothly](https://medium.com/oracledevs/running-mongodb-on-oke-smoothly-f0ff12af3e9)
- [Deploy Ingress Nginx using Helm in OKE](https://medium.com/oracledevs/deploy-ingress-nginx-using-helm-in-oci-c3ff4d9d5450)
- [Serve gRPC on OKE With Ingress and Network Load balancer](https://medium.com/oracledevs/serve-grpc-services-on-oke-with-ingress-and-network-load-balancer-8794809629dd)
- [How to Read a Remote IP Address Behind Ingress and Load Balancer in OKE](https://medium.com/oracledevs/how-to-read-a-remote-ip-address-behind-ingress-and-load-balancer-in-oke-ea71dedcbbec)
- [Example: How to access pods in the same OKE cluster subnet without using LB (or other services) just by using OCI Native networking](https://github.com/mikarinneoracle/pods-communication-easy-with-OCI-VCN-native-Kubernetes)
- [Jenkins meets OKE: preemptible extension](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P7W7SwYA9tM)
- [Jenkins meets OKE: GitHub lab](https://github.com/alcampag/jenkins-oke)
- [Deploy an autoscaling virus scanner using Oracle Container Engine for Kubernetes](https://docs.oracle.com/en/solutions/deploy-virus-scanner-oke/#GUID-2AE5986A-3B1E-4498-BF09-DEA1365F3446)
- [Collection of Labs](https://oracle.github.io/cloudtestdrive/AppDev/cloud-native/livelabs/)
- [Deploy OCI Service Mesh and Microservices on OKE using Cloud Shell](https://docs.oracle.com/en/solutions/deploy-oci-service-mesh/)
- [Public Domain Name Switch from a primary OKE Cluster to a secondary OKE Cluster](https://github.com/cpruvost/demofss)
- [A Kubernetes mutating admission controller written using Helidon that supports a general-purpose model for replacing or adding to deployment objects](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/kubernetes-mutating-admission-controller)
- [Cloud Coaching: Service Mesh](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IgGFi6EnpUI)
- [Build an ARM Kubernetes cluster on OCI and deploy an Nginx website](https://docs.oracle.com/en/solutions/build-arm-kubernetes-cluster-oci/)
- [Terraform module cn-oke is an MVP-like OKE deployment comprised of a single Kubernetes cluster with multiple node pools configurable from input variables](https://registry.terraform.io/modules/ivandelic/cn-oke/oci/latest)
- [Terraform module cn-oke is an MVP-like VCN designed to support cloud-native workloads. It's tailored to support integrated communication for cloud-native components, such as OKE, Functions, Container Instances, and others](https://registry.terraform.io/modules/ivandelic/cn-vcn/oci/latest)
- [How to deploy Ingress Nginx using Helm in OCI](https://medium.com/@ivan-delic/deploy-ingress-nginx-using-helm-in-oci-c3ff4d9d5450)
- [Version Control Your Database in a Microservices Architecture](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qh9jppe_yNI)
- [Kubernetes Service Operator for OCI Streaming — First steps](https://blogs.oracle.com/developers/post/using-oci-with-k8s)
- [Disaster Recovery — Notes on Velero and OKE, Part 1: Stateless Pods](https://medium.com/oracledevs/disaster-recovery-notes-on-velero-and-oke-part-1-stateless-pods-b4ba3e737386)
 
# Useful Links

- [From scratched to advanced](https://github.com/oktaytuncay/Kubernetes/blob/master/kubernetes.md)
- [Kubernetes cloud booster for beginners with Oracle Container Engine and Oracle Cloud Infrastructure](https://github.com/fharris/k8cloudbooster)
- [Working with enhanced clusters](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/Content/ContEng/Tasks/contengworkingwithenhancedclusters.htm)
- [Selecting a cloud native microservice framework](https://louwersj.medium.com/selecting-a-cloud-native-microservice-framework-9974e9534da1)
- [Deploying a spring boot microservice in K8s](https://techdozo.dev/deploying-a-restful-spring-boot-microservice-on-kubernetes/)
- [Collection of Labs](https://oracle.github.io/cloudtestdrive/AppDev/cloud-native/livelabs/)
 
# Reusable Assets Overview
 
- [Cluster Api OCI](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/tree/main/app-dev/oke/capoci)
 
# License
 
Copyright (c) 2024 Oracle and/or its affiliates.
 
Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.
 
See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/main/LICENSE) for more details.
