cloud-infrastructure/compute-including-hpc/compute-hardware/README.md, before:

# Compute Hardware

This page has information about Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) Compute hardware components such as Intel, AMD, ARM, Confidential Compute, Roving Edge Infrastructure, and Compute on HPC.

<i>Review date: 14 March 2024</i>

# Useful Links

- [Arm Based Compute](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/Content/Compute/References/arm.htm)
- [Confidential Computing](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/Content/Compute/References/confidential_compute.htm) - data, and the application processing the data, are encrypted 
- [Oracle Blog - Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Bare Metal Shapes and Specifications](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/oracle-cloud-infrastructure-bare-metal-shapes-and-specifications)
- [Dedicated VM Hosts](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/Content/Compute/Concepts/dedicatedvmhosts.htm) - let you run Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Compute virtual machine (VM) instances on a dedicated server
- [Deploy high-performance computing (HPC) on Oracle Cloud Infrastructure](https://docs.oracle.com/en/solutions/deploy-hpc-on-oci/index.html#GUID-F216B94E-33C5-44A6-92F8-2DE1E5880242)
- [Oracle Roving Edge Infrastructure FAQ](https://www.oracle.com/cloud/roving-edge-infrastructure/faq/) - is an infrastructure service designed to host workloads and use cases that operate at the edge, in a disconnected manner.
 
# Team Publications

- [What is an Oracle OCPU, Core, and VCPU?](https://github.com/mariusscholtz/Oracle-Cloud-Infrastructure-resources/blob/main/what-is-ocpu-vcpu.md) - Oracle Compute Processing Unit - used for sizing and pricing for an Oracle Cloud resource
- [Change the hostname of OCI Compute Instance Virtual Machine](https://github.com/mariusscholtz/Oracle-Cloud-Infrastructure-resources/blob/main/rename-hostname.md) - explains how to change the hostname of an Oracle Linux Virtual Machine (VM) running on Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI)
- [OCI Compute shape naming convention](https://github.com/mariusscholtz/Oracle-Cloud-Infrastructure-resources) ex VM Shape name with <b>A</b> refers to Ampere (ARM), <b>E</b> refers to AMD Epyc, <b>X</b> refers to Intel
- [Migrate and change the Compute shape from VM.Standard2.x to flexible shape on OCI](https://github.com/mariusscholtz/Oracle-Cloud-Infrastructure-resources/blob/main/VM-shapes/Migrate-VM.Standard2%20to%20Flex%20shape.pdf)
- [OCI Compute Capacity Report](https://github.com/Olygo/OCI_ComputeCapacityReport) - This script will display a report of the host capacity within an availability domain that is available for you to create compute instances.

# License

Copyright (c) 2024 Oracle and/or its affiliates.

Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.

See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/main/LICENSE) for more details.

Commit message:

Update README.md - Add SPARC Solaris to Oracle Cloud Infrastructure migration info
This document outlines key factors to consider when transitioning from SPARC Solaris to Oracle Cloud Infrastructure.

cloud-infrastructure/compute-including-hpc/compute-hardware/README.md, after:

# Compute Hardware

This page has information about Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) Compute hardware components such as Intel, AMD, ARM, Dedicated Virtual Host, HPC, and Confidential Compute.

<i>Review date: 15 October 2024</i>

# Useful Links

- [Arm Based Compute](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/Content/Compute/References/arm.htm) and [ARM use cases](https://developer.oracle.com/arm)
- [Confidential Computing](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/Content/Compute/References/confidential_compute.htm) - data, and the application processing the data, are encrypted 
- [Bare Metal Shapes and Specifications](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/oracle-cloud-infrastructure-bare-metal-shapes-and-specifications) - from OCI Blog
- [Dedicated VM Hosts](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/Content/Compute/Concepts/dedicatedvmhosts.htm) - let you run Oracle Cloud Infrastructure Compute virtual machine (VM) instances on a dedicated server
- [Deploy high-performance computing (HPC) on Oracle Cloud Infrastructure](https://docs.oracle.com/en/solutions/deploy-hpc-on-oci/index.html#GUID-F216B94E-33C5-44A6-92F8-2DE1E5880242)
 
# Team Publications

- [What is an Oracle OCPU, Core, and VCPU?](https://github.com/mariusscholtz/Oracle-Cloud-Infrastructure-resources/blob/main/what-is-ocpu-vcpu.md) - Oracle Compute Processing Unit - used for sizing and pricing for an Oracle Cloud resource
- [Change the hostname of OCI Compute Instance Virtual Machine](https://github.com/mariusscholtz/Oracle-Cloud-Infrastructure-resources/blob/main/rename-hostname.md) - explains how to change the hostname of an Oracle Linux Virtual Machine (VM) running on Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI)
- [OCI Compute shape naming convention](https://github.com/mariusscholtz/Oracle-Cloud-Infrastructure-resources) ex VM Shape name with <b>A</b> refers to Ampere (ARM), <b>E</b> refers to AMD Epyc, <b>X</b> refers to Intel
- [Migrate and change the Compute shape from VM.Standard2.x to flexible shape on OCI](https://github.com/mariusscholtz/Oracle-Cloud-Infrastructure-resources/blob/main/VM-shapes/Migrate-VM.Standard2%20to%20Flex%20shape.pdf)
- [OCI Compute Capacity Report](https://github.com/Olygo/OCI_ComputeCapacityReport) - This script will display a report of the host capacity within an availability domain that is available for you to create compute instances.
- [Migrate SPARC to OCI](https://github.com/mariusscholtz/Oracle-Cloud-Infrastructure-resources/blob/main/documents/Migrate-SPARC-to-OCI-v1.0.pdf) - This document outlines key factors to consider when transitioning from SPARC Solaris to Oracle Cloud Infrastructure.

# License

Copyright (c) 2024 Oracle and/or its affiliates.

Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.

See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/main/LICENSE) for more details.
