data-platform/data-development/sql-tools/README.md, before:

# Oracle SQL Tools 

This section covers Oracle SQL Tools: from SQL Developer Desktop to SQL Developer Web on GUI ADB Database Actions to SQLcl.
Providing links to public useful documentation and articles/blogs written by Oracle SQL and Database Advocates and Product Managers.
A SQL Clue Card is also provided.

# Table of Contents

1. Team Publications
2. Useful Links
3. SQL Best Practices
4. Reusable Assets Overview
5. PMs Personal Websites

# Team Publications

- Application Continuity - [Does your Database really know your application - Part 1](https://medium.com/@paulbrad71/application-continuity-on-adb-does-your-database-know-your-application-376e44d8a30) - Published on [Medium](http://www.medium.com) on 13th March 2023;

- Application Continuity - [Does your Database really know your application - Part 2](https://medium.com/@paulbrad71/does-your-database-really-know-your-application-second-part-48321b0ab81) - Published on [Medium](http://www.medium.com) on 6th April 2023;

- Application Continuity - [Does your Database really know your application - Part 3](https://medium.com/@paulbrad71/application-continuity-on-adb-does-your-database-know-your-application-376e44d8a30) - Published on [Medium](http://www.medium.com) on 31st May 2023.



# Useful Links
- [SQL Developer](https://www.oracle.com/uk/database/sqldeveloper/)
- [SQL Developer Releases](https://docs.oracle.com/en/database/oracle/sql-developer/)
- [SQL Developer - Jeff Smith Page](https://www.thatjeffsmith.com/sql-developer/)
- [SQL Developer - Data Modeler](https://www.oracle.com/database/sqldeveloper/technologies/sql-data-modeler/)
- [SQL Developer - Developer Community](https://forums.oracle.com/ords/apexds/domain/dev-community/category/sql_developer?tags=sql-developer)
- [Oracle SQLcl](https://www.oracle.com/uk/database/sqldeveloper/technologies/sqlcl/)
- [SQL Tools Training](https://education.oracle.com/database/oracle-database/pFamily_32)
- [Autonomous Database Actions](https://docs.oracle.com/en/cloud/paas/autonomous-database/serverless/adbsb/connect-database-actions.html#GUID-102845D9-6855-4944-8937-5C688939610F)
- [Live SQL](https://livesql.oracle.com/apex/f?p=590:1000)

- The amazing [Dev Gym](https://devgym.oracle.com/pls/apex/f?p=10001:20011::::20011::) from PM Join the Oracle Dev Gym (FREE!) and build your Oracle technology muscles by taking workouts, quizzes, and even entire classes on SQL, PL/SQL, database design, logic and more.
- Dev Gym Workout Class [Getting Started on Oracle Cloud](https://devgym.oracle.com/pls/apex/f?p=10001:29:4444375111375:::29:P29_CLASS_ID:20342&cs=1qfK8bInptu93se5QM5iMzsT-iih_gFsY78j308d3ZUzrCzX2c0-kgiimo59pm0c_NblFShALC1oOB8MosiaSYQ)

As a "SQL - Do it yourself" in Oracle Dev Gym you can find, to start:
- [Database For Developers: Foundations](https://devgym.oracle.com/pls/apex/f?p=10001:29:112499394488989:::29:P29_CLASS_ID:5481&cs=1Nx3TDJgh0w-ygq3icYMX7urIWoNPCEJuXLH5pqVOkknGnq2I33EJh57LsiiynySdqwMpwClQNviXsLC73e3-0Q);

Learn SQL in this FREE 12-part boot camp. It will help you get started with Oracle Database and SQL. The course is a series of videos to teach you database concepts, interactive SQL tutorials, and quizzes to reinforce the ideas. Complete the course to get your free certificate.

- [Database For Developers: Next Level](https://devgym.oracle.com/pls/apex/dg/class/databases-for-developers-next-level.html)

This course continues where Databases for Developers: Foundations left off, taking you further on your SQL journey.
The class consists of a series of videos introducing concepts, interactive coding sections, and quizzes to test your understanding.


## SQL Best Practices
Periodical sharing of Standard Query Language Best Practices links and blog, video publications from Advocate SQL and PL/SQL Developers and PMs

- Analytic Functions: [how to get SQL cumulative running total on each row](https://blogs.oracle.com/sql/post/cumulative-running-total-of-previous-rows-with-sql) (from Chris Saxon);
- V$ views: [Top 10 V$ Views For DBA and Developers](https://youtu.be/oI1F4vFwM9Q?si=i1UslciVja50792t) (From Connor McDonald);
- The Secret to a Successful Data Loading: [VALIDATE_CONVERSION and CONVERSION ERROR](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gjjPAQ6znlw) (From Connor McDonald)

## PMs Personal Websites

- [@ThatJeffSmith](https://www.thatjeffsmith.com/)
- [SQL Blog by Chris Saxon](https://blogs.oracle.com/sql)
- [The Magic of SQL by Chris Saxon - Youtube Channel](https://www.youtube.com/c/TheMagicofSQL)
- [SQL and Database explained! By Connor McDonald - Youtube Channel](https://www.youtube.com/@DatabaseDude)


# License

Copyright (c) 2024 Oracle and/or its affiliates.

Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.

See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/main/LICENSE) for more details.

Commit message:

typo and structure changes from a review call

data-platform/data-development/sql-tools/README.md, after:

# Oracle SQL Tools 

This section covers Oracle SQL Tools: from SQL Developer Desktop to SQL Developer Web on GUI ADB Database Actions to SQLcl.
Providing links to public useful documentation and articles/blogs written by Oracle SQL and Database Advocates and Product Managers.

A SQL Clue Card is also provided.

Reviewed: 24.04.2024

# Team Publications

- Application Continuity - [Does your Database really know your application - Part 1](https://medium.com/@paulbrad71/application-continuity-on-adb-does-your-database-know-your-application-376e44d8a30) - Published on [Medium](http://www.medium.com) on 13th March 2023;

- Application Continuity - [Does your Database really know your application - Part 2](https://medium.com/@paulbrad71/does-your-database-really-know-your-application-second-part-48321b0ab81) - Published on [Medium](http://www.medium.com) on 6th April 2023;

- Application Continuity - [Does your Database really know your application - Part 3](https://medium.com/@paulbrad71/application-continuity-on-adb-does-your-database-know-your-application-376e44d8a30) - Published on [Medium](http://www.medium.com) on 31st May 2023.

# Useful Links

- [SQL Developer](https://www.oracle.com/uk/database/sqldeveloper/)
- [SQL Developer Releases](https://docs.oracle.com/en/database/oracle/sql-developer/)
- [SQL Developer - Jeff Smith Page](https://www.thatjeffsmith.com/sql-developer/)
- [SQL Developer - Data Modeler](https://www.oracle.com/database/sqldeveloper/technologies/sql-data-modeler/)
- [SQL Developer - Developer Community](https://forums.oracle.com/ords/apexds/domain/dev-community/category/sql_developer?tags=sql-developer)
- [Oracle SQLcl](https://www.oracle.com/uk/database/sqldeveloper/technologies/sqlcl/)
- [SQL Tools Training](https://education.oracle.com/database/oracle-database/pFamily_32)
- [Autonomous Database Actions](https://docs.oracle.com/en/cloud/paas/autonomous-database/serverless/adbsb/connect-database-actions.html#GUID-102845D9-6855-4944-8937-5C688939610F)
- [Live SQL](https://livesql.oracle.com/apex/f?p=590:1000)

## Dev Gyms 

- [The amazing Dev Gym](https://devgym.oracle.com/pls/apex/f?p=10001:20011::::20011::) 
    - Join the Oracle Product Management Dev Gym (FREE!) and build your Oracle technology muscles by taking workouts, quizzes, and even entire classes on SQL, PL/SQL, database design, logic and more.
- [Dev Gym Workout Class - Getting Started on Oracle Cloud](https://devgym.oracle.com/pls/apex/f?p=10001:29:4444375111375:::29:P29_CLASS_ID:20342&cs=1qfK8bInptu93se5QM5iMzsT-iih_gFsY78j308d3ZUzrCzX2c0-kgiimo59pm0c_NblFShALC1oOB8MosiaSYQ)
- [Dev Gym Workout Class Database For Developers: Foundations](https://devgym.oracle.com/pls/apex/f?p=10001:29:112499394488989:::29:P29_CLASS_ID:5481&cs=1Nx3TDJgh0w-ygq3icYMX7urIWoNPCEJuXLH5pqVOkknGnq2I33EJh57LsiiynySdqwMpwClQNviXsLC73e3-0Q);
- [Database For Developers: Next Level](https://devgym.oracle.com/pls/apex/dg/class/databases-for-developers-next-level.html)
    - Learn SQL in this FREE 12-part boot camp. It will help you get started with Oracle Database and SQL. The course is a series of videos to teach you database concepts, interactive SQL tutorials, and quizzes to reinforce the ideas. Complete the course to get your free certificate. This course continues where Databases for Developers: Foundations left off, taking you further on your SQL journey. The class consists of a series of videos introducing concepts, interactive coding sections, and quizzes to test your understanding.


## SQL Best Practices
Periodical sharing of Standard Query Language Best Practices links and blog, video publications from Advocate SQL and PL/SQL Developers and PMs

- Analytic Functions: [how to get SQL cumulative running total on each row](https://blogs.oracle.com/sql/post/cumulative-running-total-of-previous-rows-with-sql) (from Chris Saxon);
- V$ views: [Top 10 V$ Views For DBA and Developers](https://youtu.be/oI1F4vFwM9Q?si=i1UslciVja50792t) (From Connor McDonald);
- The Secret to a Successful Data Loading: [VALIDATE_CONVERSION and CONVERSION ERROR](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gjjPAQ6znlw) (From Connor McDonald)

## PMs Personal Websites

- [@ThatJeffSmith](https://www.thatjeffsmith.com/)
- [SQL Blog by Chris Saxon](https://blogs.oracle.com/sql)
- [The Magic of SQL by Chris Saxon - YouTube Channel](https://www.youtube.com/c/TheMagicofSQL)
- [SQL and Database explained! By Connor McDonald - YouTube Channel](https://www.youtube.com/@DatabaseDude)


# License

Copyright (c) 2024 Oracle and/or its affiliates.

Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.

See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/main/LICENSE) for more details.
