data-platform/core-converged-db/ai-vector-search/README.md, before:

# AI Vector Search

Oracle AI Vector Search is designed for Artificial Intelligence (AI) workloads and allows you to query data based on semantics, rather than keywords. The VECTOR data type is introduced with the release of Oracle Database 23ai, providing the foundation to store vector embeddings alongside business data in the database. Using embedding models, you can transform unstructured data into vector embeddings that can then be used for semantic queries on business data.

Reviewed Date: 17.07.2024

# Useful Links

## Documentation  
 
- [Oracle.com](https://www.oracle.com/database/ai-vector-search/)
- [Oracle AI Vector Search User's Guide](https://docs.oracle.com/en/database/oracle/oracle-database/23/vecse/overview-ai-vector-search.html)
- [PL/SQL Packages and Types Reference: DBMS_VECTOR](https://docs.oracle.com/en/database/oracle/oracle-database/23/arpls/dbms_vector1.html#GUID-F9FCB225-821A-4CCA-92B5-58B9927234FA)
- [PL/SQL Packages and Types Reference: DBMS_VECTOR_CHAIN](https://docs.oracle.com/en/database/oracle/oracle-database/23/arpls/dbms_vector_chain1.html#GUID-D80DDBEF-F1A9-4267-9D3C-A54D237D95C1)
- [Oracle AI Vector Search FAQ](https://www.oracle.com/database/ai-vector-search/faq/)

## Blogs & Videos

- [Oracle Announces General Availability of AI Vector Search in Oracle Database 23ai](https://blogs.oracle.com/database/post/oracle-announces-general-availability-of-ai-vector-search-in-oracle-database-23ai)
- [OML4Py: Leveraging ONNX and Hugging Face for AI Vector Search](https://blogs.oracle.com/machinelearning/post/oml4py-leveraging-onnx-and-hugging-face-for-advanced-ai-vector-search)
- [Use AI Vector Search to Build GenAI Apps with Enterprise Data| Oracle DatabaseWorld AI Edition](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5o5Ds8KLqVw&list=PLcFwxJMrxygALJRhZCbnjtDBYWCpWXPGz&index=3)


## LiveLabs Workshops

- [Oracle AI Vector Search - 15 Minute Basics](https://apexapps.oracle.com/pls/apex/r/dbpm/livelabs/view-workshop?wid=3975&clear=RR,180&session=3449305441143)
- [Oracle AI Vector Search - Basics](https://apexapps.oracle.com/pls/apex/r/dbpm/livelabs/view-workshop?wid=1070&clear=RR,180)
- [AI Vector Search - Complete RAG Application using PL/SQL in Oracle Database 23ai](https://apexapps.oracle.com/pls/apex/r/dbpm/livelabs/view-workshop?wid=3934&clear=RR,180&session=11020955624236)
- [AI Vector Search - 7 Easy Steps to Building a RAG Application using LangChain](https://apexapps.oracle.com/pls/apex/r/dbpm/livelabs/view-workshop?wid=3927&clear=RR,180&session=11020955624236)
  

# Team Publications

- [Getting started with vectors in 23ai](https://blogs.oracle.com/coretec/post/getting-started-with-vectors-in-23ai)

# License

Copyright (c) 2024 Oracle and/or its affiliates.

Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.

See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/main/LICENSE) for more details.

Commit message:

two way link between database ai pages

data-platform/core-converged-db/ai-vector-search/README.md, after:

# AI Vector Search

Oracle AI Vector Search is designed for Artificial Intelligence (AI) workloads and allows you to query data based on semantics, rather than keywords. The VECTOR data type is introduced with the release of Oracle Database 23ai, providing the foundation to store vector embeddings alongside business data in the database. Using embedding models, you can transform unstructured data into vector embeddings that can then be used for semantic queries on business data.

If you are interested in Database 23ai , [please see our page here](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/tree/main/data-platform/core-converged-db/database-23ai).

Reviewed Date: 17.07.2024

# Useful Links

## Documentation  
 
- [Oracle.com](https://www.oracle.com/database/ai-vector-search/)
- [Oracle AI Vector Search User's Guide](https://docs.oracle.com/en/database/oracle/oracle-database/23/vecse/overview-ai-vector-search.html)
- [PL/SQL Packages and Types Reference: DBMS_VECTOR](https://docs.oracle.com/en/database/oracle/oracle-database/23/arpls/dbms_vector1.html#GUID-F9FCB225-821A-4CCA-92B5-58B9927234FA)
- [PL/SQL Packages and Types Reference: DBMS_VECTOR_CHAIN](https://docs.oracle.com/en/database/oracle/oracle-database/23/arpls/dbms_vector_chain1.html#GUID-D80DDBEF-F1A9-4267-9D3C-A54D237D95C1)
- [Oracle AI Vector Search FAQ](https://www.oracle.com/database/ai-vector-search/faq/)

## Blogs & Videos

- [Oracle Announces General Availability of AI Vector Search in Oracle Database 23ai](https://blogs.oracle.com/database/post/oracle-announces-general-availability-of-ai-vector-search-in-oracle-database-23ai)
- [OML4Py: Leveraging ONNX and Hugging Face for AI Vector Search](https://blogs.oracle.com/machinelearning/post/oml4py-leveraging-onnx-and-hugging-face-for-advanced-ai-vector-search)
- [Use AI Vector Search to Build GenAI Apps with Enterprise Data| Oracle DatabaseWorld AI Edition](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5o5Ds8KLqVw&list=PLcFwxJMrxygALJRhZCbnjtDBYWCpWXPGz&index=3)


## LiveLabs Workshops

- [Oracle AI Vector Search - 15 Minute Basics](https://apexapps.oracle.com/pls/apex/r/dbpm/livelabs/view-workshop?wid=3975&clear=RR,180&session=3449305441143)
- [Oracle AI Vector Search - Basics](https://apexapps.oracle.com/pls/apex/r/dbpm/livelabs/view-workshop?wid=1070&clear=RR,180)
- [AI Vector Search - Complete RAG Application using PL/SQL in Oracle Database 23ai](https://apexapps.oracle.com/pls/apex/r/dbpm/livelabs/view-workshop?wid=3934&clear=RR,180&session=11020955624236)
- [AI Vector Search - 7 Easy Steps to Building a RAG Application using LangChain](https://apexapps.oracle.com/pls/apex/r/dbpm/livelabs/view-workshop?wid=3927&clear=RR,180&session=11020955624236)
  

# Team Publications

- [Getting started with vectors in 23ai](https://blogs.oracle.com/coretec/post/getting-started-with-vectors-in-23ai)

# License

Copyright (c) 2024 Oracle and/or its affiliates.

Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.

See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/main/LICENSE) for more details.
