app-dev/app-integration-and-automation/oracle-integration-cloud/README.md, before:

# Oracle Integration Cloud

Oracle Integration is an enterprise connectivity and automation platform for quickly modernizing applications, business processes, APIs, and data. Developers and cloud architects can connect SaaS and on-premises applications six times faster with a visual development experience, prebuilt integrations, and embedded best practices. Oracle Integration gives you native access to events in Oracle Cloud ERP, HCM, and CX. Connect app-specific analytic silos to simplify requisition-to-receipt, recruit-to-pay, lead-to-invoice, and other critical processes. Finally, give your IT and business leaders end-to-end visibility.

## Useful Links

- [Oracle Integration Oracle.com Page](https://www.oracle.com/integration/application-integration/)
    - Official page for OIC 
- Oracle Integration Documentation
    - [Oracle Integration 3](https://docs.oracle.com/iaas/application-integration/index.html)
    - [OIC 3 Guides](https://docs.oracle.com/en/cloud/paas/application-integration/books.html)
    - [Integration Generation 2](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/integration/index.html)
    - [OIC 2 Guides](https://docs.oracle.com/en/cloud/paas/integration-cloud/books.html)
- [Integration Blog](https://blogs.oracle.com/integration/)
- [Integration Hands On Bootcamps](https://go.oracle.com/LP=110450?elqCampaignId=296318)

## Provisioning OIC Instances

- OIC 3
  - https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/application-integration/doc/setting-users-groups-and-policies.html
  - https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/application-integration/doc/creating-and-editing-instances.html
  - https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/application-integration/doc/choose-your-update-window.html
  - https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/application-integration/doc/enable-announcements-oracle-integration.html
- OIC 2
  - https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/integration/doc/setting-users-groups-and-policies.html
  - https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/integration/doc/creating-and-editing-instances.html
  - https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/integration/doc/choose-your-update-window.html
  - https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/integration/doc/enable-announcements-oracle-integration.html

## Reusable Assets Overview

Relevant reusable assets can be found in subfolders.

# License

Copyright (c) 2023 Oracle and/or its affiliates.

Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.

See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/folder-structure/LICENSE) for more details.

Commit message:

updated OIC links, added videos, livelabs, reference architectures, learning resources

app-dev/app-integration-and-automation/oracle-integration-cloud/README.md, after:

# Oracle Integration Cloud

Oracle Integration (OIC) is an enterprise connectivity and automation platform for quickly modernizing applications, business processes, APIs, and data. Developers and cloud architects can connect SaaS and on-premises applications six times faster with a visual development experience, prebuilt integrations, and embedded best practices. Oracle Integration gives you native access to events in Oracle Cloud ERP, HCM, and CX. Connect app-specific analytic silos to simplify requisition-to-receipt, recruit-to-pay, lead-to-invoice, and other critical processes. Finally, give your IT and business leaders end-to-end visibility.

## Useful Links

- [Integration Partner & Developer Community - VideoHub Channel](https://videohub.oracle.com/channel/Oracle%2BPartner%2BCommunity)
  - Regular news and monthly webcast recordings from Product Management
- Articles
  - [Integration Blog](https://blogs.oracle.com/integration/)
  - [Niall Commiskey's Blog](http://niallcblogs.blogspot.com/)
  - [A-Team Chronicles](https://www.ateam-oracle.com/category/atm-integration)
- [Integration Hands On Bootcamps](https://go.oracle.com/LP=110450?elqCampaignId=296318)
- [LiveLabs](https://apexapps.oracle.com/pls/apex/r/dbpm/livelabs/livelabs-workshop-cards) (filter on product *Oracle Integration Cloud*)
- [Reference Architectures](https://docs.oracle.com/solutions/?q=&cType=reference-architectures%2Csolution-playbook%2Cbuilt-deployed&product=Integration%20Generation%202%2CIntegration%20Cloud%20Service%2CIntegration%203%2CIntegration%20Adapters&sort=date-desc&lang=en)
- Oracle University - Learning Path and Certification - [Become a Application Integration Professional (2023)](https://mylearn.oracle.com/ou/learning-path/become-an-application-integration-professional-2023/122249)

### General Product Links

- [Oracle Integration Product Page](https://www.oracle.com/integration/application-integration/)
    - Official page for OIC 
- Oracle Integration Documentation
    - [Oracle Integration 3](https://docs.oracle.com/iaas/application-integration/index.html)
    - [OIC 3 Guides](https://docs.oracle.com/en/cloud/paas/application-integration/books.html)
    - [Integration Generation 2](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/integration/index.html)
    - [OIC 2 Guides](https://docs.oracle.com/en/cloud/paas/integration-cloud/books.html)

## Reusable Assets Overview

Relevant reusable assets can be found in subfolders.

# License

Copyright (c) 2023 Oracle and/or its affiliates.

Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.

See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/folder-structure/LICENSE) for more details.
