data-platform/open-source-data-platforms/oci-data-flow/README.md, before:

# OCI Data Flow
Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) Data Flow is a fully managed Apache Spark service that performs processing tasks on extremely large datasets—without infrastructure to deploy or manage. Developers can also use Spark Streaming to perform cloud ETL on their continuously produced streaming data. This enables rapid application delivery because developers can focus on app development, not infrastructure management

# Useful Links
- [OCI Data Flow - Apache SPARK Service](https://www.oracle.com/big-data/data-flow/)
- [Code Samples](https://github.com/oracle-samples/oracle-dataflow-samples)
- [Data Science Data Flow Notebook Samples](https://github.com/oracle-samples/oci-data-science-ai-samples/tree/main/notebook_examples)
- [Machine Learning with OCI Data Flow](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A6uVbK7wQb4)  

                                                     
# License
Copyright (c) 2023 Oracle and/or its affiliates.
Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.
See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/main/LICENSE) for more details.

Commit message:

Fixed - Extracting data from Salesforce in near real time using OCI Data Flow — Part 1

data-platform/open-source-data-platforms/oci-data-flow/README.md, after:

# OCI Data Flow
Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) Data Flow is a fully managed Apache Spark service that performs processing tasks on extremely large datasets—without infrastructure to deploy or manage. Developers can also use Spark Streaming to perform cloud ETL on their continuously produced streaming data. This enables rapid application delivery because developers can focus on app development, not infrastructure management

# Useful Links
- [OCI Data Flow - Apache SPARK Service](https://www.oracle.com/big-data/data-flow/)
- [Code Samples](https://github.com/oracle-samples/oracle-dataflow-samples)
- [Data Science Data Flow Notebook Samples](https://github.com/oracle-samples/oci-data-science-ai-samples/tree/main/notebook_examples)
- [Machine Learning with OCI Data Flow](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A6uVbK7wQb4)  
- [Extracting data from Salesforce in near real time using OCI Data Flow — Part 1](https://medium.com/@eloi-lopes29/extracting-data-from-salesforce-in-near-real-time-using-oci-data-flow-part-1-f096886b9fcd)
                                                     
# License
Copyright (c) 2023 Oracle and/or its affiliates.
Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.
See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/main/LICENSE) for more details.
