cloud-architecture/custom-apps-and-consolidation/weblogic-for-oke/README.md, before:

# WebLogic For OKE

The content in this folder is about the [WebLogic for Oracle Engine for Kubernetes (OKE)](https://docs.oracle.com/en/cloud/paas/weblogic-container/index.html) deployment.


## Which kind of assets are we making available?

In this location we will we will collect:

- Architecture Examples 
- Reusable assets, as questionnaires, sizing tools, diagrams examples
- Best practices and guidelines
- Technical Briefs 

## How to use these asset?

This content has been shared with the goal of facilitate the adoption of Oracle technology and Oracle Cloud Infrastructure as cloud platform.
The examples given are to be consider as starting point to develop and build a custom specific architecture that will cover the requirements
peculiar to the workload. As for the various topics addressed we don't expect to cover all aspects but want to present some interesting point of
view or specific deployment examples. The reusable assets are updatable artifacts (drawio diagrams, questionnaires, sizing tools, scripts, etc..)
meant to be used as _template_ 

## Content List 

Following is the content currently available:

1. WebLogic for OKE, _ACME_ Architecture: a simple example of a WebLogic workload architecture built in OCI leveraging the OKE deployment of WebLogic.


## License
Copyright (c) 2023 Oracle and/or its affiliates.

Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.

See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for more details.

Commit message:

README, pdf updated, drawio diagram added

cloud-architecture/custom-apps-and-consolidation/weblogic-for-oke/README.md, after:

# WebLogic For OKE

The content in this folder is about the [WebLogic for Oracle Engine for Kubernetes (OKE)](https://docs.oracle.com/en/cloud/paas/weblogic-container/index.html) deployment.


## Which kind of assets are we making available?

In this location we will we will collect:

- Architecture Examples 
- Reusable assets, as questionnaires, sizing tools, diagrams examples
- Best practices and guidelines
- Technical Briefs 

## How to use these asset?

This content has been shared with the goal of facilitate the adoption of Oracle technology and Oracle Cloud Infrastructure as cloud platform.
The examples given are to be consider as starting point to develop and build a custom specific architecture that will cover the requirements
peculiar to the workload. As for the various topics addressed we don't expect to cover all aspects but want to present some interesting point of
view or specific deployment examples. The reusable assets are updatable artifacts (drawio diagrams, questionnaires, sizing tools, scripts, etc..)
meant to be used as _template_ 

## Content List 

Following is the content currently available:

1. WebLogic for OKE, _ACME_ Architecture: a simple example of a WebLogic workload architecture built in OCI and leveraging the OKE deployment of WebLogic. Included, as reusable asset, there are the Drawio diagrams of the architecture. 


## License
Copyright (c) 2023 Oracle and/or its affiliates.

Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.

See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for more details.
