app-dev/cloud-native/devops/README.md, before:

# DevOps
 
OCI DevOps, OCI Resource Manager, Visual Builder Studio, Open Source tools

 
# Table of Contents
 
1. [Team Publications](#team-publications)
2. [Useful Links](#useful-links)
3. [Reusable Assets Overview](#reusable-assets-overview)
 
## Team Publications

- [Deploying Jenkins on Oracle Container Engine for Kubernetes](https://docs.oracle.com/en/solutions/oci-jenkins-oke/index.html#GUID-23A8EB94-DFFC-4D5C-897F-5F59423447D2)
 

## Useful Links

- [A DevOps Engineer's guide to OCI](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/Content/GSG/Reference/getting-started-as-devops.htm)
- [Selecting an appropriate CI/CD architecture](https://docs.oracle.com/en/solutions/select-cicd-architecture/index.html#GUID-A7048F76-5D10-4541-A105-CCF1CEFABEE1)

### OCI DevOps

- [OCI DevOps Build Pipeline collection](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/oci-devops-examples)
- [OCI CLI documentation](https://docs.oracle.com/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/)
- [Deploying a Helm chart with Provenance liveLab](https://apexapps.oracle.com/pls/apex/r/dbpm/livelabs/view-workshop?wid=3664&clear=RR,180&session=109957900717640)


### Terraform

- [OCI Terraform provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/oracle/oci/latest/docs)
- [Oracle quick start - automated deployments](https://github.com/oracle-quickstart)

### Ansible

- [Getting starter - Ansible with OCI](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/Content/API/SDKDocs/ansiblegetstarted.htm#Getting_Started_with_Oracle_Cloud_Infrastructure_and_Ansible)
- [OCI Ansible Collection documentation](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-ansible-collection/latest)
- [Using Ansible Playbooks](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/playbook_guide/index.html)
- [Ansible builtin modules](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/collections/ansible/builtin/index.html)
- [Oracle Linux Automation Manager](https://docs.oracle.com/en/operating-systems/oracle-linux-automation-manager/index.html)
 
# License
 
Copyright (c) 2023 Oracle and/or its affiliates.
 
Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.

See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/main/application-development/cloud-native/approach-workshop/LICENSE) for more details.

Commit message:

adding exampoles of build and docker files for graalvm native image

app-dev/cloud-native/devops/README.md, after:

# DevOps
 
OCI DevOps, OCI Resource Manager, Visual Builder Studio, Open Source tools

 
# Table of Contents
 
1. [Team Publications](#team-publications)
2. [Useful Links](#useful-links)
3. [Reusable Assets Overview](#reusable-assets-overview)
 
## Team Publications

- [Deploying Jenkins on Oracle Container Engine for Kubernetes](https://docs.oracle.com/en/solutions/oci-jenkins-oke/index.html#GUID-23A8EB94-DFFC-4D5C-897F-5F59423447D2)
 

## Useful Links

- [A DevOps Engineer's guide to OCI](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/Content/GSG/Reference/getting-started-as-devops.htm)
- [Selecting an appropriate CI/CD architecture](https://docs.oracle.com/en/solutions/select-cicd-architecture/index.html#GUID-A7048F76-5D10-4541-A105-CCF1CEFABEE1)

### OCI DevOps

- [OCI DevOps Build Pipeline collection](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/oci-devops-examples)
- [OCI CLI documentation](https://docs.oracle.com/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/)
- [Deploying a Helm chart with Provenance liveLab](https://apexapps.oracle.com/pls/apex/r/dbpm/livelabs/view-workshop?wid=3664&clear=RR,180&session=109957900717640)
- [Sample build-spec.yaml](./devops-graalvm-native-image/build-spec.yaml) and [associated Dockerfile](./devops-graalvm-native-image/Dockerfile) to use with OCI Devops. These are very configurable and show the installing of specific versions of software (GraalVM and Maven) into the build environment, creating of a native image executable using the installed software, determining version information dynamically and creating a docker image.


### Terraform

- [OCI Terraform provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/oracle/oci/latest/docs)
- [Oracle quick start - automated deployments](https://github.com/oracle-quickstart)

### Ansible

- [Getting starter - Ansible with OCI](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/Content/API/SDKDocs/ansiblegetstarted.htm#Getting_Started_with_Oracle_Cloud_Infrastructure_and_Ansible)
- [OCI Ansible Collection documentation](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-ansible-collection/latest)
- [Using Ansible Playbooks](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/playbook_guide/index.html)
- [Ansible builtin modules](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/collections/ansible/builtin/index.html)
- [Oracle Linux Automation Manager](https://docs.oracle.com/en/operating-systems/oracle-linux-automation-manager/index.html)
 
# License
 
Copyright (c) 2023 Oracle and/or its affiliates.
 
Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.

See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/main/application-development/cloud-native/approach-workshop/LICENSE) for more details.
