data-platform/modernise/README.md, before:

# Data Platform - Modernise
 
The Data Platform - Modernise Specialists team in Oracle EMEA provides dedicated specialist support to Oracle customers around our entire Oracle Database Migration & Upgrade technology portfolio. The topics we cover include Oracle Data Pump, OCI Database Migration, Zero Downtime Migration, Transportable Tablespaces, Database Patching, Cloud Pre-Migration Advisor Tool (CPAT), Oracle GoldenGate for Migrations, and Database Upgrades.

Check out the links below to detailed videos, technical demonstrations, blog articles, and technical workshops, as well as the rest of the repository for additional documentation including technical guides, and detailed best practices, aimed to support anyone who is at a Database Migration or Upgrade project, either On-Premises or to Oracle Cloud Infrastructure.

Also make sure to check the dedicated pages of the main technology areas of Database Migration, Upgrade & Patching:

* [Zero Downtime Migration](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/tree/main/data-platform/modernise/zero-downtime-migration)
* [OCI Database Migration](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/tree/main/data-platform/modernise/oci-database-migration)
* [Oracle Data Pump](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/tree/main/data-platform/modernise/data-pump)
* [Database Patching](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/tree/main/data-platform/modernise/database-patching)

# Team Publications
 
- [ZDM/DMS Comparison](https://macsdata.netlify.app/oradb/migration/zdm-dms-comparison/)
    - Technical Comparison of Zero Downtime Migration and OCI Database Migration service, available on Marcus Doeringer's public platform
- [CLONE PDB options as a Migration Method for Windows Databases to Oracle Cloud Infrastructure](https://carlosal.wordpress.com/2023/07/14/clone-pdb-options-as-a-migration-method-for-windows-databases-to-oracle-cloud-infrastructure/)
    - Blog technical article about migrating Windows Oracle Databases to OCI using Oracle REMOTE CLONE PDB and REFRESHABLE PDB functionalities, available on Carlos Álvarez's public platform
- [How to survive an Oracle Database failure without your users ever noticing - Cloud Coaching Webinar]( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsUbi5dO_PU)
    - Cloud Coaching Webinar, including a technical demonstration, delivered by Amalraj Puthenchira around the use of Application Continuity to avoid unplanned application outages.
- [Teradata to Autonomous Data Warehouse on OCI Migration Guide](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/tree/main/data-platform/modernise/teradata-to-autonomous-data-warehouse-migration-guide)
    
# Useful Links

- [OCI Migration Hub - Migrate Oracle Databases to OCI](https://www.oracle.com/database/cloud-migration/)
- [Database Upgrades and Migrations on oracle.com](https://www.oracle.com/database/upgrades/)
- [AutoUpgrade tool for Oracle Database](https://www.oracle.com/database/upgrades/#rc30p1)
- [Cloud Migration Advisor](https://www.oracle.com/database/upgrades/#rc30p2)
- [More Database Migration Resources](https://www.oracle.com/database/upgrades/#rc30p3)
- [Load Data into Oracle Database](https://www.oracle.com/database/upgrades/#rc30p4)

# License
 
Copyright (c) 2023 Oracle and/or its affiliates.
 
Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.
 
See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/main/LICENSE) for more details.

Commit message:

added Cloning Oracle Databases from Non-CDB to PDB

data-platform/modernise/README.md, after:

# Data Platform - Modernise
 
The Data Platform - Modernise Specialists team in Oracle EMEA provides dedicated specialist support to Oracle customers around our entire Oracle Database Migration & Upgrade technology portfolio. The topics we cover include Oracle Data Pump, OCI Database Migration, Zero Downtime Migration, Transportable Tablespaces, Database Patching, Cloud Pre-Migration Advisor Tool (CPAT), Oracle GoldenGate for Migrations, and Database Upgrades.

Check out the links below to detailed videos, technical demonstrations, blog articles, and technical workshops, as well as the rest of the repository for additional documentation including technical guides, and detailed best practices, aimed to support anyone who is at a Database Migration or Upgrade project, either On-Premises or to Oracle Cloud Infrastructure.

Also make sure to check the dedicated pages of the main technology areas of Database Migration, Upgrade & Patching:

* [Zero Downtime Migration](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/tree/main/data-platform/modernise/zero-downtime-migration)
* [OCI Database Migration](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/tree/main/data-platform/modernise/oci-database-migration)
* [Oracle Data Pump](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/tree/main/data-platform/modernise/data-pump)
* [Database Patching](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/tree/main/data-platform/modernise/database-patching)

# Team Publications
 
- [ZDM/DMS Comparison](https://macsdata.netlify.app/oradb/migration/zdm-dms-comparison/)
    - Technical Comparison of Zero Downtime Migration and OCI Database Migration service, available on Marcus Doeringer's public platform
- [CLONE PDB options as a Migration Method for Windows Databases to Oracle Cloud Infrastructure](https://carlosal.wordpress.com/2023/07/14/clone-pdb-options-as-a-migration-method-for-windows-databases-to-oracle-cloud-infrastructure/)
    - Blog technical article about migrating Windows Oracle Databases to OCI using Oracle REMOTE CLONE PDB and REFRESHABLE PDB functionalities, available on Carlos Álvarez's public platform
- [Cloning Oracle Databases from Non-CDB to PDB](https://carlosal.wordpress.com/2023/11/07/cloning-oracle-databases-from-non-cdb-to-pdb/)
    - Blog technical article about cloning Non-CDB Oracle Databases as a PDB in a Container Database (CDB) using Oracle REMOTE CLONE PDB functionality, available on Carlos Álvarez's public platform
- [How to survive an Oracle Database failure without your users ever noticing - Cloud Coaching Webinar]( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsUbi5dO_PU)
    - Cloud Coaching Webinar, including a technical demonstration, delivered by Amalraj Puthenchira around the use of Application Continuity to avoid unplanned application outages.
- [Teradata to Autonomous Data Warehouse on OCI Migration Guide](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/tree/main/data-platform/modernise/teradata-to-autonomous-data-warehouse-migration-guide)
    
# Useful Links

- [OCI Migration Hub - Migrate Oracle Databases to OCI](https://www.oracle.com/database/cloud-migration/)
- [Database Upgrades and Migrations on oracle.com](https://www.oracle.com/database/upgrades/)
- [AutoUpgrade tool for Oracle Database](https://www.oracle.com/database/upgrades/#rc30p1)
- [Cloud Migration Advisor](https://www.oracle.com/database/upgrades/#rc30p2)
- [More Database Migration Resources](https://www.oracle.com/database/upgrades/#rc30p3)
- [Load Data into Oracle Database](https://www.oracle.com/database/upgrades/#rc30p4)

# License
 
Copyright (c) 2023 Oracle and/or its affiliates.
 
Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.
 
See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/main/LICENSE) for more details.
