cloud-infrastructure/vmware-solutions/oracle-cloud-vmware-solution/README.md, before:

# Oracle Cloud VMware Solution
 
Oracle Cloud VMware Solution is based on VMware Cloud Foundation (VCF) and provides a fully supported, customizable cloud environment for VMware deployments and migrations. The solution delivers a full-stack software-defined data center (SDDC), including VMware’s vCenter, ESXi, NSX, and vSAN. Specific use cases targeted by Oracle Cloud VMware Solution include data center and application migration, hybrid extension, on-demand capacity, and disaster recovery. 
 
# Table of Contents
 
1. [Useful Links](#useful-links)
2. [Team Publications](#team-publications)
3. [Reusable Assets Overview](#reusable-assets-overviewdef)
 
## Useful Links
- [Oracle Cloud VMware Solution](https://www.oracle.com/uk/cloud/compute/vmware/)
- [Oracle Cloud VMware Solution Blogs](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/search.html?contentType=Blog-Post&default=%22Oracle%20Cloud%20VMware%20Solution%22*)
- [Oracle Cloud VMware Solution on Oracle Help Center](https://docs.oracle.com/search/?q=VMware&pg=2&size=10&showfirstpage=true&lang=en)

## Team Publications

### Reference Architectures & Step-by-step Guides

- [Use OCI Security Services for Data Protection with Oracle Cloud VMware Solution](https://docs.oracle.com/en/solutions/oci-security-ocvs/index.html)
    -  This reference architecture describes the integration options for Oracle Cloud VMware Solution with OCI Data Protection layer and security services to address the requirements for running critical and sensitive workloads.

- [Facilitate Name Resolution between On-Premises vCenter and Oracle Cloud VMware Solution vCenter](https://docs.oracle.com/en/learn/ocvs-name-resolution)
    -  This tutorial describes how you can enable Name Resolution between On-Premises vCenter and Oracle Cloud VMware Solution-powered vCenter.

 - [Set up connectivity from Oracle Cloud VMware Solution NSX-T Overlay segment to other VCNs in the same region](https://docs.oracle.com/en/learn/oci-connect-ocvs-nsxt-overlay/)
    -  This tutorial describes routing Oracle Cloud VMware Solution NSX-T Overlay traffic to an OCI instance deployed on a different VCN in the same region.

 - [Integrate OCI Block Volumes with Oracle Cloud VMware Solution](https://docs.oracle.com/en/learn/integrate-oci-block-volumes-ocvs/#introduction)
    -  This is a step-by-step guide on how to integrate an OCI Block Volume with Oracle Cloud VMware Solution.

 - [Integrate Active Directory with VMware vCenter on Oracle Cloud VMware Solution](https://docs.oracle.com/en/learn/integrate-ad-with-vcenter/#introduction)
    -  This tutorial describes how you can integrate an existing on-premises Active Directory with VMware vCenter deployed in Oracle Cloud VMware Solution.
      
 - [Integrate Active Directory with VMware NSX-T on Oracle Cloud VMware Solution](https://docs.oracle.com/en/learn/integrate-ad-with-nsx-t/#introduction)
    -  This tutorial summarizes how an on-premises/corporate Active Directory (AD) user can access Oracle Cloud VMware Solution NSX-T console with their on-premises/corporate AD credentials.

 - [Configure VMware vSAN file share with Oracle Cloud VMware Solution](https://docs.oracle.com/en/learn/config-ocvs-vsan-file-share/index.html#introduction)
    -  This tutorial provides an operational overview of how to configure the VMware vSAN File Service and provide file share capabilities to the SDDC VMs (clients). 

 -  [Configure Disaster Recovery using RackWare® with Oracle Cloud VMware Solution](https://docs.oracle.com/en/learn/oci-ocvs-dr-rw/index.html#introduction)
    -  This tutorial summarizes how the entire lifecycle of disaster recovery and business continuity can be effectively managed with Oracle Cloud VMware Solution using RackWare.
    - 
 -  [Configure Disaster Recovery - Cold Standby using RackWare® with Oracle Cloud VMware Solution](https://docs.oracle.com/en/learn/oci-ocvs-dr-rw/index.html#introduction)
    -  This tutorial summarizes how RackWare RMM can seamlessly autoprovision replicated data from the image repository to the Oracle Cloud VMware Solution for a Cold Standby Disaster Recovery use case and will only be provisioned in the event of Disaster Recovery.

 -  [Configure Disaster Recovery using RackWare® with Oracle Cloud VMware Solution](https://docs.oracle.com/en/learn/oci-ocvs-dr-cs-rw/index.html#introduction)
    -  This tutorial describes how you can enable Name Resolution between On-Premises vCenter and Oracle Cloud VMware Solution-powered vCenter.

 -  [Oracle Cloud VMware Solution - in-place upgrade how-to guide](https://docs.oracle.com/en/learn/ocvs-inplace-upgrade-6x-7x/)
    -  This tutorial provides an operational overview of how to perform the in-place upgrade for software components running in the 6.x version of SDDC to 7.x. 

 -  [Configure VMware HCX with Oracle Cloud VMware Solution](https://docs.oracle.com/en/learn/oci-ocvs-hcx/index.html#introduction)
    -  This tutorial provides information about Oracle Cloud VMware Solution deployment overview, VMware HCX Overview, pre-requisites needed for implementation, and step-by-step implementation guidelines.

### Blogs
 
- [Oracle Cloud VMware Solution with OCI block volumes](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/oracle-cloud-vmware-solution-oci-block-volumes)
    -  The latest storage technology that is now available with Oracle Cloud VMware Solution is the OCI Block Volume service, which provides highly redundant and high-performance storage at a low cost.

- [Oracle Cloud VMware Solution deployment options](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/oracle-cloud-vmware-solution-deployment-options)
     -  In this blog post, we take a deeper look at the different deployment options for Oracle Cloud VMware Solution and review their respective requirements, considerations, limitations, and benefits.

- [Know your storage options and designs with Oracle Cloud VMware Solution](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/storage-designs-oracle-cloud-vmware-solution)
     -  This post summarizes the different storage options that you can use with Oracle Cloud VMware Solution.

- [Disaster Recovery to Oracle Cloud VMware Solution - Considerations](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/disaster-recovery-to-ocvs)
     -  This blog summarizes the general principles that define a disaster recovery strategy to protect VMware based workloads with the use of Oracle Cloud VMware Solution as the recovery site.

- [Oracle Cloud VMware Solution vSAN sizing and scaling](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/ocvs-sizing-scaling)
     -  This post gives an overview of the sizing & scaling options for VMware vSAN with Oracle Cloud VMware Solution.

- [Announcing Rackware Autoprovision support for OCVS](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/announcing-rackware-autoprovision-support-for-oracle-cloud-vmware-solution)
     -  This blog summarizes the support for RackWare Autoprovision functionality with Oracle Cloud VMware Solution, which enables customers to migrate and protect their workloads to VMware Solution easily and without manual effort.

- [Connecting to NSXT overlay VM from OnPrem instance via SSL VPN](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/connecting-to-nsxt-overlay-vm-from-onprem-instance-via-ssl-vpn)
     -  In this blog post, we walk you through the steps required to establish connectivity to your workloads on Oracle Cloud VMware Solution, using SSL VPN.

- [Establishing connectivity from an Oracle Cloud VMware Solution NSX-T overlay segment to another VCN in different region](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/establishing-connectivity-from-ocvs-nsx-t-overlay-segment-to-another-vcn-in-different-region)
     -  This blog post talks about the setup of communication between overlay segments in Oracle Cloud VMware Solutions and workloads deployed in a VCN in different OCI region.

### Videos & Podcasts
- [Oracle Cloud VMware Solution – Differentiation by Design](https://videohub.oracle.com/media/1_von9a3t2)
- [OCI Flexible Infrastructure: Oracle Cloud VMware Solution with OCI Block & File Storage](https://event.vmware.com/flow/vmware/7000/webinar1/page/landing?rep=0052H00000Dg8dA)
- [Adding OCI Block Storage as VMware Datastore](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dPnvBxf3adY)
- [OCI FSS as an NFS Datastore for OCVS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E5e3vpT9Ink)
- [Red Hot Webinars - Exploring the different storage options and capabilities of OCVS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7j1MyzCObxI)
- [Cloud Coaching Clinic - Oracle Cloud VMware Solution](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU3oWg8mbvY)
- [On-Demand Webinar - Oracle Cloud VMware Solution-Differentiation by Design](https://go.oracle.com/LP=130642)

## Reusable Assets Overview
TBD

# License

Copyright (c) 2023 Oracle and/or its affiliates.

Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.

See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/folder-structure/LICENSE) for more details.

[def]: #useful-links
[def2]: def

Commit message:

Red Hat OpenShift on Oracle Cloud VMware Solution

cloud-infrastructure/vmware-solutions/oracle-cloud-vmware-solution/README.md, after:

# Oracle Cloud VMware Solution
 
Oracle Cloud VMware Solution is based on VMware Cloud Foundation (VCF) and provides a fully supported, customizable cloud environment for VMware deployments and migrations. The solution delivers a full-stack software-defined data center (SDDC), including VMware’s vCenter, ESXi, NSX, and vSAN. Specific use cases targeted by Oracle Cloud VMware Solution include data center and application migration, hybrid extension, on-demand capacity, and disaster recovery. 
 
# Table of Contents
 
1. [Useful Links](#useful-links)
2. [Team Publications](#team-publications)
3. [Reusable Assets Overview](#reusable-assets-overviewdef)
 
## Useful Links
- [Oracle Cloud VMware Solution](https://www.oracle.com/uk/cloud/compute/vmware/)
- [Oracle Cloud VMware Solution Blogs](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/search.html?contentType=Blog-Post&default=%22Oracle%20Cloud%20VMware%20Solution%22*)
- [Oracle Cloud VMware Solution on Oracle Help Center](https://docs.oracle.com/search/?q=VMware&pg=2&size=10&showfirstpage=true&lang=en)

## Team Publications

### Reference Architectures & Step-by-step Guides

- [Use OCI Security Services for Data Protection with Oracle Cloud VMware Solution](https://docs.oracle.com/en/solutions/oci-security-ocvs/index.html)
    -  This reference architecture describes the integration options for Oracle Cloud VMware Solution with OCI Data Protection layer and security services to address the requirements for running critical and sensitive workloads.

- [Facilitate Name Resolution between On-Premises vCenter and Oracle Cloud VMware Solution vCenter](https://docs.oracle.com/en/learn/ocvs-name-resolution)
    -  This tutorial describes how you can enable Name Resolution between On-Premises vCenter and Oracle Cloud VMware Solution-powered vCenter.

 - [Set up connectivity from Oracle Cloud VMware Solution NSX-T Overlay segment to other VCNs in the same region](https://docs.oracle.com/en/learn/oci-connect-ocvs-nsxt-overlay/)
    -  This tutorial describes routing Oracle Cloud VMware Solution NSX-T Overlay traffic to an OCI instance deployed on a different VCN in the same region.

 - [Integrate OCI Block Volumes with Oracle Cloud VMware Solution](https://docs.oracle.com/en/learn/integrate-oci-block-volumes-ocvs/#introduction)
    -  This is a step-by-step guide on how to integrate an OCI Block Volume with Oracle Cloud VMware Solution.

 - [Integrate Active Directory with VMware vCenter on Oracle Cloud VMware Solution](https://docs.oracle.com/en/learn/integrate-ad-with-vcenter/#introduction)
    -  This tutorial describes how you can integrate an existing on-premises Active Directory with VMware vCenter deployed in Oracle Cloud VMware Solution.
      
 - [Integrate Active Directory with VMware NSX-T on Oracle Cloud VMware Solution](https://docs.oracle.com/en/learn/integrate-ad-with-nsx-t/#introduction)
    -  This tutorial summarizes how an on-premises/corporate Active Directory (AD) user can access Oracle Cloud VMware Solution NSX-T console with their on-premises/corporate AD credentials.

 - [Configure VMware vSAN file share with Oracle Cloud VMware Solution](https://docs.oracle.com/en/learn/config-ocvs-vsan-file-share/index.html#introduction)
    -  This tutorial provides an operational overview of how to configure the VMware vSAN File Service and provide file share capabilities to the SDDC VMs (clients). 

 -  [Configure Disaster Recovery using RackWare® with Oracle Cloud VMware Solution](https://docs.oracle.com/en/learn/oci-ocvs-dr-rw/index.html#introduction)
    -  This tutorial summarizes how the entire lifecycle of disaster recovery and business continuity can be effectively managed with Oracle Cloud VMware Solution using RackWare.
    - 
 -  [Configure Disaster Recovery - Cold Standby using RackWare® with Oracle Cloud VMware Solution](https://docs.oracle.com/en/learn/oci-ocvs-dr-rw/index.html#introduction)
    -  This tutorial summarizes how RackWare RMM can seamlessly autoprovision replicated data from the image repository to the Oracle Cloud VMware Solution for a Cold Standby Disaster Recovery use case and will only be provisioned in the event of Disaster Recovery.

 -  [Configure Disaster Recovery using RackWare® with Oracle Cloud VMware Solution](https://docs.oracle.com/en/learn/oci-ocvs-dr-cs-rw/index.html#introduction)
    -  This tutorial describes how you can enable Name Resolution between On-Premises vCenter and Oracle Cloud VMware Solution-powered vCenter.

 -  [Oracle Cloud VMware Solution - in-place upgrade how-to guide](https://docs.oracle.com/en/learn/ocvs-inplace-upgrade-6x-7x/)
    -  This tutorial provides an operational overview of how to perform the in-place upgrade for software components running in the 6.x version of SDDC to 7.x. 

 -  [Configure VMware HCX with Oracle Cloud VMware Solution](https://docs.oracle.com/en/learn/oci-ocvs-hcx/index.html#introduction)
    -  This tutorial provides information about Oracle Cloud VMware Solution deployment overview, VMware HCX Overview, pre-requisites needed for implementation, and step-by-step implementation guidelines.

 -  [Deploy Red Hat OpenShift on Oracle Cloud VMware Solution](https://docs.oracle.com/en/solutions/deploy-ocvs-redhat-openshift/index.html#GUID-3DC08F2B-7D7D-4E8E-BAA4-70C61E7BEC37)
    -  This tutorial is about deploying Red Hat OpenShift on Oracle Cloud VMware Solution.

### Blogs
 
- [Oracle Cloud VMware Solution with OCI block volumes](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/oracle-cloud-vmware-solution-oci-block-volumes)
    -  The latest storage technology that is now available with Oracle Cloud VMware Solution is the OCI Block Volume service, which provides highly redundant and high-performance storage at a low cost.

- [Oracle Cloud VMware Solution deployment options](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/oracle-cloud-vmware-solution-deployment-options)
     -  In this blog post, we take a deeper look at the different deployment options for Oracle Cloud VMware Solution and review their respective requirements, considerations, limitations, and benefits.

- [Know your storage options and designs with Oracle Cloud VMware Solution](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/storage-designs-oracle-cloud-vmware-solution)
     -  This post summarizes the different storage options that you can use with Oracle Cloud VMware Solution.

- [Disaster Recovery to Oracle Cloud VMware Solution - Considerations](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/disaster-recovery-to-ocvs)
     -  This blog summarizes the general principles that define a disaster recovery strategy to protect VMware based workloads with the use of Oracle Cloud VMware Solution as the recovery site.

- [Oracle Cloud VMware Solution vSAN sizing and scaling](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/ocvs-sizing-scaling)
     -  This post gives an overview of the sizing & scaling options for VMware vSAN with Oracle Cloud VMware Solution.

- [Announcing Rackware Autoprovision support for OCVS](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/announcing-rackware-autoprovision-support-for-oracle-cloud-vmware-solution)
     -  This blog summarizes the support for RackWare Autoprovision functionality with Oracle Cloud VMware Solution, which enables customers to migrate and protect their workloads to VMware Solution easily and without manual effort.

- [Connecting to NSXT overlay VM from OnPrem instance via SSL VPN](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/connecting-to-nsxt-overlay-vm-from-onprem-instance-via-ssl-vpn)
     -  In this blog post, we walk you through the steps required to establish connectivity to your workloads on Oracle Cloud VMware Solution, using SSL VPN.

- [Establishing connectivity from an Oracle Cloud VMware Solution NSX-T overlay segment to another VCN in different region](https://blogs.oracle.com/cloud-infrastructure/post/establishing-connectivity-from-ocvs-nsx-t-overlay-segment-to-another-vcn-in-different-region)
     -  This blog post talks about the setup of communication between overlay segments in Oracle Cloud VMware Solutions and workloads deployed in a VCN in different OCI region.

### Videos & Podcasts
- [Oracle Cloud VMware Solution – Differentiation by Design](https://videohub.oracle.com/media/1_von9a3t2)
- [OCI Flexible Infrastructure: Oracle Cloud VMware Solution with OCI Block & File Storage](https://event.vmware.com/flow/vmware/7000/webinar1/page/landing?rep=0052H00000Dg8dA)
- [Adding OCI Block Storage as VMware Datastore](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dPnvBxf3adY)
- [OCI FSS as an NFS Datastore for OCVS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E5e3vpT9Ink)
- [Red Hot Webinars - Exploring the different storage options and capabilities of OCVS](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7j1MyzCObxI)
- [Cloud Coaching Clinic - Oracle Cloud VMware Solution](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fU3oWg8mbvY)
- [On-Demand Webinar - Oracle Cloud VMware Solution-Differentiation by Design](https://go.oracle.com/LP=130642)

## Reusable Assets Overview
TBD

# License

Copyright (c) 2023 Oracle and/or its affiliates.

Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.

See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/folder-structure/LICENSE) for more details.

[def]: #useful-links
[def2]: def
