landing-zones/README.md, before:

# **Landing Zone Framework**

&nbsp; 


Welcome to the **Landing Zone Framework (LZF)**. 

The LZF was created by the EMEA Landing Zone Specialists, collaborating with worldwide Oracle, customers, and partners, to **simplify the OCI onboarding experience** and **reduce OCI day-one and day-two efforts**. It provides **best practices** covering the complete spectrum of OCI landing zones, from the **standards** to the **tailored** approaches.

&nbsp; 


| APPROACH  |  DESCRIPTION | 
|---|---|
| <a href="/landing-zones/standard_landing_zones/standard_landing_zones.md" ><img src="images/slz.png" alt= “” width="500" height=""></a>  | **Prescribed** and **ready to use** solutions with a **guided setup** and  **IaC**. This is the recommended approach for initial landing zone deployments covering the most-common workload scenarios.  | 
| <a href="tailored_landing_zones/tailored_landing_zones.md" ><img src="images/tlz.png" alt= “” width="500" height=""> </a>  | An approach to solve **specific requirements** when the standard is not enough. These LZs run with **configuration-as-code** and are used to scale/bridge with existing **operating models**, complying with fine-grained **segregations of duties**, strong **network isolation**, and heterogeneous **workloads**.  |  
&nbsp; 

If you're **starting with OCI landing zones**:
1. Start with a **standard** landing zone as they're full of best practices. If it needs adjustments or **extensions on top** of the prescribed design, customize it by code or manually. 
2. If your design is very **specific**, requiring **structural changes** to a standard landing zone, and/or you need a **highly scalable operating model**, use the **tailored** approach.

&nbsp; 

The following **assets** are also available to improve the OCI landing experience:
- [Resource Naming Conventions](/landing-zones/commons/resource_naming_conventions.md)
- [User Identity Management](/landing-zones/commons/user_identity_management.md)
- [Budgets and Tagging](/landing-zones/commons/budgets_and_tagging.md)


&nbsp; 

&nbsp; 




# License

Copyright (c) 2023 Oracle and/or its affiliates.

Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.

See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/main/LICENSE) for more details.

Commit message:

added new exec overview deck and minor corrections

landing-zones/README.md, after:

# **Landing Zone Framework**

&nbsp; 


Welcome to the **Landing Zone Framework (LZF)**. 

The LZF was created by the EMEA Landing Zone Specialists, collaborating with worldwide Oracle, customers, and partners, to **simplify the OCI onboarding experience** and **reduce OCI day-one and day-two efforts**. It provides **best practices** covering the complete spectrum of OCI landing zones, from the **standards** to the **tailored** approaches.

&nbsp; 


| APPROACH  |  DESCRIPTION | 
|---|---|
| <a href="/landing-zones/standard_landing_zones/standard_landing_zones.md" ><img src="images/slz.png" alt= “” width="500" height=""></a>  | **Prescribed** and **ready to use** solutions with a **guided setup** and  **IaC**. This is the recommended approach for initial landing zone deployments covering the most-common workload scenarios.  | 
| <a href="tailored_landing_zones/tailored_landing_zones.md" ><img src="images/tlz.png" alt= “” width="500" height=""> </a>  | An approach to solve **specific requirements** when the standard is not enough. These LZs run with **configuration-as-code** and are used to scale/bridge with existing **operating models**, complying with fine-grained **segregations of duties**, strong **network isolation**, and heterogeneous **workloads**.  |  
&nbsp; 

If you're **starting with OCI landing zones**:
1. Start with a **standard** landing zone as they're full of best practices. If it needs adjustments or **extensions on top** of the prescribed design, customize it by code or manually. 
2. If your design is very **specific**, requiring **structural changes** to a standard landing zone, and/or you need a **highly scalable operating model**, use the **tailored** approach.

&nbsp; 

The following **assets** are also available to improve the OCI landing experience:
- [Executive Overview of the Available Approaches](/landing-zones/commons/EMEA_LandingZonesSpecialists_ExecOverview.pdf)
- [How a Tailored OCI Landing Zone Looks Like](https://github.com/oracle-quickstart/terraform-oci-open-lz)
- [Resource Naming Conventions](/landing-zones/commons/resource_naming_conventions.md)
- [User Identity Management](/landing-zones/commons/user_identity_management.md)
- [Budgets and Tagging](/landing-zones/commons/budgets_and_tagging.md)


&nbsp; 

&nbsp; 




# License

Copyright (c) 2023 Oracle and/or its affiliates.

Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.

See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/main/LICENSE) for more details.
