ai-and-app-modernisation/ai-services/ai-vision/README.md, before:

# AI Vision
 
OCI Vision is an AI service for performing deep-learning–based image analysis at scale. With prebuilt models available out of the box, developers can easily build image recognition and text recognition into their applications without machine learning (ML) expertise. For industry-specific use cases, developers can automatically train custom vision models with their own data. These models can be used to detect visual anomalies in manufacturing, organize digital media assets, and tag items in images to count products or shipments.
 
# Table of Contents
 
- [AI Vision](#ai-vision)
- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Team Publications](#team-publications)
  - [Architecture Center](#architecture-center)
  - [LiveLabs and Workshops](#livelabs-and-workshops)
  - [Reusable Assets Overview](#reusable-assets-overview)
  - [Useful Links](#useful-links)
- [License](#license)
 
# Team Publications

- [OCI Vision Saving Bees using Object Detection](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/saving-bees-using-ai-one-object-time-ismail-syed/)
- [OCI Vision Healthcare Image Analysis](https://blogs.oracle.com/ai-and-datascience/post/advancing-healthcare-image-analysis-on-oci)
- [Build a real-time object identifier using OCI Vision and Oracle Autonomous Database](https://docs.oracle.com/en/solutions/realtime-ocivision-object-identification/index.html#GUID-A875FB7D-29E3-4FBF-AED5-C0CF43F71469)
    - The reference architecture describes how you can integrate an OCI Vision-trained model with a front-end web app to perform real-time object identification with a mobile phone camera. 

## Reusable Assets Overview
 
- [OCI image classification using data labeling and vision service](https://github.com/carlgira/oci-image-classification)
- [OCI object detection using data labeling and vision service](https://github.com/carlgira/oci-object-detection) 
- [Perform image recognition with Oracle Cloud Infrastructure OCI Vision](https://youtu.be/G11INIVtlMY?si=ixMoLE2jSq7f_Iyi) 
- [AI vision web client](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/oci-tf-vision-web-client)
    - Terraform script that will create a set of resources on OCI to create a web app to test an existing vision model.
- [Vision Image Classification demo](https://youtu.be/9_NSumsQcMs)
- [Vision Object Detection demo](https://youtu.be/iiuluuOlAKc)
- [AI Vision Car parking utilisation demo (OCI AI Vision, OAC)](https://youtu.be/VlZDaUC2Jus)
- [How to train AI Vision and Document Understanding demos](https://community.oracle.com/customerconnect/events/604740-oci-how-to-train-your-oracle-ai-cloud-service-model)

# Useful Links
 
- [Oracle AI Vision on oracle.com](https://www.oracle.com/uk/artificial-intelligence/vision/)
- [Oracle AI Vision documentation](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/vision/vision/using/home.htm)

# Architecture Center

- [Build a real-time object identifier using OCI Vision and Oracle Autonomous Database](https://docs.oracle.com/en/solutions/realtime-ocivision-object-identification/index.html)

# LiveLabs and Workshops
 
- [LiveLabs - AI Vision introduction](https://apexapps.oracle.com/pls/apex/r/dbpm/livelabs/view-workshop?wid=931&clear=RR,180&session=101189893786132)
    - Introduction: OCI Vision
    - Lab 1: Use Vision Service through the OCI Console
    - Lab 2: Create a custom model through the OCI Console
    - Lab 3: Access OCI Vision in DataScience Notebook Session
- [Live Labs - Biomedical Image Classification](https://apexapps.oracle.com/pls/apex/r/dbpm/livelabs/view-workshop?wid=3097&clear=RR,180&session=101189893786132)
    - Lab 1: Use DLS to Bulk Label Dataset
    - Lab 2: Create Custom AI Vision Model
- [Live Labs - Premier League Video Analysis](https://apexapps.oracle.com/pls/apex/r/dbpm/livelabs/view-workshop?wid=3489&clear=RR,180&session=101189893786132)
    - Lab 1: Provision OCI Data Science
    - Lab 2: Provision Autonomous Data Warehouse
    - Lab 3: Recognize Players and Shirt Numbers (OCI Console)
    - Lab 4: Recognize Players and Shirt Numbers (Programmatically)
    - Lab 5: Translate Camera Coordinates to Football Pitch Coordinates
    - Lab 6: Connecting to Autonomous Data Warehouse
    - Lab 7: Processing the entire video
- [How to Use AI Vision and Drones for Inventory Management](https://go.oracle.com/LP=135420)


 
# License
 
Copyright (c) 2023 Oracle and/or its affiliates.
 
Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.
 
See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/main/LICENSE) for more details.

Commit message:

updates to page layout - ai services

ai-and-app-modernisation/ai-services/ai-vision/README.md, after:

# AI Vision
 
OCI Vision is an AI service for performing deep-learning–based image analysis at scale. With prebuilt models available out of the box, developers can easily build image recognition and text recognition into their applications without machine learning (ML) expertise. For industry-specific use cases, developers can automatically train custom vision models with their own data. These models can be used to detect visual anomalies in manufacturing, organize digital media assets, and tag items in images to count products or shipments.
 
# Table of Contents
 
- [AI Vision](#ai-vision)
- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Team Publications](#team-publications)
  - [Architecture Center](#architecture-center)
  - [LiveLabs and Workshops](#livelabs-and-workshops)
  - [Reusable Assets Overview](#reusable-assets-overview)
  - [Useful Links](#useful-links)
- [License](#license)
 
# Team Publications

- [OCI Vision Saving Bees using Object Detection](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/saving-bees-using-ai-one-object-time-ismail-syed/)
- [OCI Vision Healthcare Image Analysis](https://blogs.oracle.com/ai-and-datascience/post/advancing-healthcare-image-analysis-on-oci)
- [Build a real-time object identifier using OCI Vision and Oracle Autonomous Database](https://docs.oracle.com/en/solutions/realtime-ocivision-object-identification/index.html#GUID-A875FB7D-29E3-4FBF-AED5-C0CF43F71469)
    - The reference architecture describes how you can integrate an OCI Vision-trained model with a front-end web app to perform real-time object identification with a mobile phone camera. 

## Reusable Assets Overview
 
- [OCI image classification using data labeling and vision service](https://github.com/carlgira/oci-image-classification)
- [OCI object detection using data labeling and vision service](https://github.com/carlgira/oci-object-detection) 
- [Perform image recognition with Oracle Cloud Infrastructure OCI Vision](https://youtu.be/G11INIVtlMY?si=ixMoLE2jSq7f_Iyi) 
- [AI vision web client](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/oci-tf-vision-web-client)
    - Terraform script that will create a set of resources on OCI to create a web app to test an existing vision model.
- [Vision Image Classification demo](https://youtu.be/9_NSumsQcMs)
- [Vision Object Detection demo](https://youtu.be/iiuluuOlAKc)
- [AI Vision Car parking utilisation demo (OCI AI Vision, OAC)](https://youtu.be/VlZDaUC2Jus)
- [Cloud Customer Connect - How to Train Your Oracle AI Cloud Service Model](https://community.oracle.com/customerconnect/events/604740-oci-how-to-train-your-oracle-ai-cloud-service-model)
    - In this session, we demonstrate how you can use OCI AI services, to create custom models using the data labeling, vision and document understanding service.

# Useful Links
 
- [Oracle AI Vision on oracle.com](https://www.oracle.com/uk/artificial-intelligence/vision/)
- [Oracle AI Vision documentation](https://docs.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/vision/vision/using/home.htm)

# Architecture Center

- [Build a real-time object identifier using OCI Vision and Oracle Autonomous Database](https://docs.oracle.com/en/solutions/realtime-ocivision-object-identification/index.html)

# LiveLabs and Workshops
 
- [LiveLabs - AI Vision introduction](https://apexapps.oracle.com/pls/apex/r/dbpm/livelabs/view-workshop?wid=931&clear=RR,180&session=101189893786132)
    - Introduction: OCI Vision
    - Lab 1: Use Vision Service through the OCI Console
    - Lab 2: Create a custom model through the OCI Console
    - Lab 3: Access OCI Vision in DataScience Notebook Session
- [Live Labs - Biomedical Image Classification](https://apexapps.oracle.com/pls/apex/r/dbpm/livelabs/view-workshop?wid=3097&clear=RR,180&session=101189893786132)
    - Lab 1: Use DLS to Bulk Label Dataset
    - Lab 2: Create Custom AI Vision Model
- [Live Labs - Premier League Video Analysis](https://apexapps.oracle.com/pls/apex/r/dbpm/livelabs/view-workshop?wid=3489&clear=RR,180&session=101189893786132)
    - Lab 1: Provision OCI Data Science
    - Lab 2: Provision Autonomous Data Warehouse
    - Lab 3: Recognize Players and Shirt Numbers (OCI Console)
    - Lab 4: Recognize Players and Shirt Numbers (Programmatically)
    - Lab 5: Translate Camera Coordinates to Football Pitch Coordinates
    - Lab 6: Connecting to Autonomous Data Warehouse
    - Lab 7: Processing the entire video
- [How to Use AI Vision and Drones for Inventory Management](https://go.oracle.com/LP=135420)


 
# License
 
Copyright (c) 2023 Oracle and/or its affiliates.
 
Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.
 
See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/main/LICENSE) for more details.
