ai-and-app-modernisation/ai-services/ai-document-understanding/README.md, before:

# Document Understanding
 
Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) Document Understanding is an AI service that enables developers to extract text, tables, and other key data from document files through APIs and command-line interface tools. With OCI Document Understanding, you can automate tedious business processing tasks with prebuilt AI models and customize document extraction to fit your industry-specific needs.
 
# Table of Contents
 
  - [Team Publications](#team-publications)
  - [LiveLabs and Workshops](#livelabs-and-workshops)
  - [Reusable Assets Overview](#reusable-assets-overview)
  - [Useful Links](#useful-links)
  - [Customer Stories](#customer-stories)

# Team Publications

## Reusable Assets Overview
 
- [Cloud Coaching - Automating Invoice Handling using OIC and AI Document Understanding Service](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pjdQzFscOrk)
    - In this session, we demonstrate how you can use OCI AI Document Understanding service's pre-trained models to extract key information from invoices and use Oracle Integration Cloud to automate the whole process. It also includes kick-starting process workflows where human intervention is required.
- [Demo: Automate Invoice Handling - Oracle Integration Cloud & AI Document Understanding Service](https://youtu.be/k72CcNhmOjs)
- [Smarter Apps with AI, OIC partner community webcast June 2023](https://videohub.oracle.com/media/Smarter+AI+Apps+with+OIC+partner+community+webcast+June+2023-1080p30/1_m2yjnvf9)
    - OCI Language and Document Understanding are cloud-based AI services for performing sophisticated text analysis and extracting data from all kinds of documents e.g. Passport, Driving License, Invoices, Receipts, etc. You can use these services to build intelligent applications by leveraging REST APIs. You can use these services to build intelligent applications by leveraging REST APIs and automating using Oracle Integration Cloud. This allows you to process unstructured text for use cases such as sentiment analysis, service ticket classification, document extraction, and more using pre-trained models or your own custom models leveraging OCI Data Labelling.
- [Document Understanding (Insurance Document) Key Value extraction demo](https://youtu.be/QsFqaRxtV1s)
- [Cloud Customer Connect - How to Train Your Oracle AI Cloud Service Model](https://community.oracle.com/customerconnect/events/604740-oci-how-to-train-your-oracle-ai-cloud-service-model)
    - In this session, we demonstrate how you can use OCI AI services, to create custom models using the data labeling, vision and document understanding service.

# Useful Links

- [Automate with documents using AI](https://blogs.oracle.com/ai-and-datascience/post/automate-documents-using-ai)
- [Oracle Learning YouTube Playlist - OCI Document Understanding Service](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLKCk3OyNwIzt1x62El9gGGeNaQr0va58c)
- [GitHub Examples](https://github.com/oracle-samples/oci-data-science-ai-samples/tree/master/labs/ai-document-understanding)
- [Announcing OCI Document Understanding custom model support (June 14, 2023)](https://blogs.oracle.com/ai-and-datascience/post/oci-document-understanding-custom-model-support)
- [Announcing OCI Document Understanding service (December 8, 2022)](https://blogs.oracle.com/ai-and-datascience/post/announcing-oci-document-understanding-service)

- [Document Understanding Oracle.com Page](https://www.oracle.com/artificial-intelligence/document-understanding/)
- [Document Understanding Documentation](https://docs.oracle.com/iaas/document-understanding/document-understanding/using/home.htm)

# LiveLabs and Workshops
 
- [Introduction to OCI Document Understanding](https://apexapps.oracle.com/pls/apex/r/dbpm/livelabs/view-workshop?wid=3585)

# Customer Stories
 
- [Trailcon Leasing: Low-code and AI for Automating Invoice Processing & Approval Workflow](https://asktom.oracle.com/pls/apex/f?p=100:551:114803500934032::::P551_INVITED,P551_CLASS_ID:N,21886)

# License
 
Copyright (c) 2023 Oracle and/or its affiliates.
 
Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.
 
See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/main/LICENSE) for more details.

Commit message:

Added the real-time and ai-based gmail invoice processing into erp cloud use case using OIC and AI

ai-and-app-modernisation/ai-services/ai-document-understanding/README.md, after:

# Document Understanding
 
Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) Document Understanding is an AI service that enables developers to extract text, tables, and other key data from document files through APIs and command-line interface tools. With OCI Document Understanding, you can automate tedious business processing tasks with prebuilt AI models and customize document extraction to fit your industry-specific needs.
 
# Table of Contents
 
  - [Team Publications](#team-publications)
  - [LiveLabs and Workshops](#livelabs-and-workshops)
  - [Reusable Assets Overview](#reusable-assets-overview)
  - [Useful Links](#useful-links)
  - [Customer Stories](#customer-stories)

# Team Publications

## Reusable Assets Overview

- [Cloud Coaching - AI Based & Real Time Gmail Invoice Documents Processing into Oracle Fusion ERP Cloud](https://youtu.be/wq7HH-WYslU?si=wBqH5eEkcC0hYKqj)
    How can you speed up your Account Payable Invoice Processing Cycle? Document Understanding and OCI Intelligent Automation Engine running on top of Oracle Fusion ERP Cloud can help:
    - Through a live demo, we show how to use it to enable an AI-based, Event-Driven and Real-Time Invoice Processing Solution into Oracle Fusion ERP Cloud on top of Gmail Invoices as Attachments
    - Learn how Oracle Integration Cloud combined with OCI Streaming to allow real-time capture of Gmail Messages (leveraging Gmail Push Notifications via Google Cloud Pub/Sub)
    - Then, using AI Document Understanding, uncover Invoice Documents Data using the Key-Value Extraction and automatically load it into Oracle Fusion ERP Cloud using Oracle Integration Cloud's native connectors

- [Cloud Coaching - Automating Invoice Handling using OIC and AI Document Understanding Service](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pjdQzFscOrk)
    - In this session, we demonstrate how you can use OCI AI Document Understanding service's pre-trained models to extract key information from invoices and use Oracle Integration Cloud to automate the whole process. It also includes kick-starting process workflows where human intervention is required.
- [Demo: Automate Invoice Handling - Oracle Integration Cloud & AI Document Understanding Service](https://youtu.be/k72CcNhmOjs)
- [Smarter Apps with AI, OIC partner community webcast June 2023](https://videohub.oracle.com/media/Smarter+AI+Apps+with+OIC+partner+community+webcast+June+2023-1080p30/1_m2yjnvf9)
    - OCI Language and Document Understanding are cloud-based AI services for performing sophisticated text analysis and extracting data from all kinds of documents e.g. Passport, Driving License, Invoices, Receipts, etc. You can use these services to build intelligent applications by leveraging REST APIs. You can use these services to build intelligent applications by leveraging REST APIs and automating using Oracle Integration Cloud. This allows you to process unstructured text for use cases such as sentiment analysis, service ticket classification, document extraction, and more using pre-trained models or your own custom models leveraging OCI Data Labelling.
- [Document Understanding (Insurance Document) Key Value extraction demo](https://youtu.be/QsFqaRxtV1s)
- [Cloud Customer Connect - How to Train Your Oracle AI Cloud Service Model](https://community.oracle.com/customerconnect/events/604740-oci-how-to-train-your-oracle-ai-cloud-service-model)
    - In this session, we demonstrate how you can use OCI AI services, to create custom models using the data labeling, vision and document understanding service.

# Useful Links

- [Automate with documents using AI](https://blogs.oracle.com/ai-and-datascience/post/automate-documents-using-ai)
- [Oracle Learning YouTube Playlist - OCI Document Understanding Service](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLKCk3OyNwIzt1x62El9gGGeNaQr0va58c)
- [GitHub Examples](https://github.com/oracle-samples/oci-data-science-ai-samples/tree/master/labs/ai-document-understanding)
- [Announcing OCI Document Understanding custom model support (June 14, 2023)](https://blogs.oracle.com/ai-and-datascience/post/oci-document-understanding-custom-model-support)
- [Announcing OCI Document Understanding service (December 8, 2022)](https://blogs.oracle.com/ai-and-datascience/post/announcing-oci-document-understanding-service)

- [Document Understanding Oracle.com Page](https://www.oracle.com/artificial-intelligence/document-understanding/)
- [Document Understanding Documentation](https://docs.oracle.com/iaas/document-understanding/document-understanding/using/home.htm)

# LiveLabs and Workshops
 
- [Introduction to OCI Document Understanding](https://apexapps.oracle.com/pls/apex/r/dbpm/livelabs/view-workshop?wid=3585)

# Customer Stories
 
- [Trailcon Leasing: Low-code and AI for Automating Invoice Processing & Approval Workflow](https://asktom.oracle.com/pls/apex/f?p=100:551:114803500934032::::P551_INVITED,P551_CLASS_ID:N,21886)

# License
 
Copyright (c) 2023 Oracle and/or its affiliates.
 
Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.
 
See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/main/LICENSE) for more details.
