cloud-architecture/oracle-apps-hyperion-siebel-gbu/gbu/README.md, before:

# Oracle Global Business Unit (GBU) Applications
 
This repository is dedicated to the migration or upgrade of Global Business Unit (GBU) applications to Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI). The intent is to support professionals and organizations transitioning their on-premises environments to OCI by providing an extensive array of essential resources.

These resources aim to offer guidance throughout your migration, enabling you to make informed decisions. Utilize these assets to streamline your migration process and ensure a smooth transition to the OCI platform.

Explore these materials to enhance your migration strategy. We appreciate your participation and are committed to supporting your cloud migration journey.
 
# Table of Contents

<!-- for future use   - [**Oracle Communications** applications](./communications)               -->
 - [**Oracle Construction and Engineering** applications](./construction-engineering)
<!-- for future use   - [**Oracle Energy and Water** applications](./energy-water)               -->
<!-- for future use   - [**Oracle Financial Services** applications](./financial-services)       -->
<!-- for future use   - [**Oracle Life Sciences** applications](./life-sciences)                 -->
<!-- for future use   - [**Oracle Local Government** applications](./local-government)           -->
 - [**Oracle Retail** applications](./retail-gbu)


# License
 
Copyright (c) 2023 Oracle and/or its affiliates.
 
Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.
 
See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/main/LICENSE) for more details.

Commit message:

gbu renamed to oracle industry

cloud-architecture/oracle-apps-hyperion-siebel-gbu/gbu/README.md, after:

# Oracle Industry-Specific Applications
 
This repository is dedicated to the migration or upgrade of Oracle Industry applications to Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI). The intent is to support professionals and organizations transitioning their on-premises environments to OCI by providing an extensive array of essential resources.

These resources aim to offer guidance throughout your migration, enabling you to make informed decisions. Utilize these assets to streamline your migration process and ensure a smooth transition to the OCI platform.

Explore these materials to enhance your migration strategy. We appreciate your participation and are committed to supporting your cloud migration journey.
 
# Table of Contents

<!-- for future use   - [**Oracle Communications** applications](./communications)               -->
 - [**Oracle Construction and Engineering** applications](./construction-engineering)
<!-- for future use   - [**Oracle Energy and Water** applications](./energy-water)               -->
<!-- for future use   - [**Oracle Financial Services** applications](./financial-services)       -->
 - [**Oracle Food and Beverage** applications](./food-beverage)
<!-- for future use   - [**Oracle Health** applications](./health)                               -->
 - [**Oracle Hospitality** applications](./hospitality)
<!-- for future use   - [**Oracle Life Sciences** applications](./life-sciences)                 -->
<!-- for future use   - [**Oracle Local Government** applications](./local-government)           -->
 - [**Oracle Retail** applications](./retail)

# License
 
Copyright (c) 2023 Oracle and/or its affiliates.
 
Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.
 
See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/main/LICENSE) for more details.
