data-platform/analytics/oracle-analytics-cloud/BIP2OAC/README.md, before:

# Oracle BI Publisher to OAC
 
This asset covers the process and documentation of the migration of Oracle Business Intelligence Publisher(BIP) to the Oracle Analytics cloud(OAC).
 
 
Reviewed: 16.01.2024
 
# When to use this asset?
 
Refer to this asset to learn how to migrate the Oracle BI Publisher workload to the Oracle Analytics cloud.
 
# How to use this asset?
 
Refer to the documents and references to learn what are the new features and functionaliy of Oracle Analytucs publisher.
Refer to the uploaded documents to learn about the complete process of the BIP to OAC migration.
 
# Useful Links
 
 |[https://www.oracle.com/uk/middleware/technologies/analytics-publisher.html|Oracle Analytics Publisher Product Page|
 |https://docs.oracle.com/en/cloud/paas/analytics-cloud/create-pixel-perfect-reports.html|Oracle Analytics Publisher Documentation|
 |https://docs.oracle.com/en/cloud/paas/analytics-cloud/acpmr/designing-pixel-perfect-reports-oracle-analytics-cloud.pdf|Oracle Analytics Publisher Designing Pixel Perfect Reports|

 
# License
 
Copyright (c) 2023 Oracle and/or its affiliates.
 
Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.
 
See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/main/LICENSE) for more details.

Commit message:

Updated MD Files
updated .md files for OBI2OAC and BIP2OAC

data-platform/analytics/oracle-analytics-cloud/BIP2OAC/README.md, after:

#  Oracle BI Publisher to Oracle Analytics Cloud
 
This asset covers the process and documentation of the migration of Oracle Business Intelligence Publisher(BIP) to the Oracle Analytics cloud(OAC).
 
 
Reviewed: 16.01.2024
 
# When to use this asset?
 
Refer to this asset to learn how to migrate the Oracle BI Publisher workload to the Oracle Analytics Cloud.
 
# How to use this asset?
 
This asset contains files to help you understand  how OAC BIP is different from Standalone BIP, and what are the migration steps.
Please refer as well to the OAC Guidelines Document to learn how to deploy OAC and find easy training resources to help you get started on your Analytics Cloud Journey"
 
# Useful Links
 
 -[Oracle Analytics Publisher Product Page](https://www.oracle.com/uk/middleware/technologies/analytics-publisher.html)
 -[Oracle Analytics Publisher Documentation](https://docs.oracle.com/en/cloud/paas/analytics-cloud/create-pixel-perfect-reports.html)
 -[Oracle Analytics Publisher Designing Pixel Perfect Reports](https://docs.oracle.com/en/cloud/paas/analytics-cloud/acpmr/designing-pixel-perfect-reports-oracle-analytics-cloud.pdf)

 
# License
 
Copyright (c) 2023 Oracle and/or its affiliates.
 
Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.
 
See [LICENSE](https://github.com/oracle-devrel/technology-engineering/blob/main/LICENSE) for more details.
